Page 12
inquire of anything that you think is relevant and
we want you to.
Sheila and I will ask questions of
witnesses as we have been going on. If at any time
you want to inquire, anything is relevant. There is
no, there is no objections to questions and we would
have in a courtroom or anything of that nature,
okay.
(Grand Jury Exhibit Number 10
marked for identification.)
MS. ALIZADEH: So with that being said,
I'm going to play Grand Jury Exhibit 10, which is a
DVD and it is an audio recording, and for the
record, this DVD contains a number of interviews of
other witnesses. And so for the record, I'm going
to be playing the interview of Dorian Johnson and
Sheila said the transcript of that interview is
given to you.
(Interview is being played at this time.)
MS. ALIZADEH: Anybody want to take a
break right now or keep going?
It is 11:17, let's take about a five
minute or so break and stand up and move around a
little bit.
(Recess)

Page 13
MS. ALIZADEH: It is 11:24 and I'm going
to resume the playing of the interview of Dorian
Johnson.
(The interview is being played.)
(End of the playing of the interview of
Mr. Johnson.)
MS. ALIZADEH: It is 12:13, I think your
lunch is going to be here at 12:30. What I would
propose we do because this is not going to take very
long at all is that I have what I've marked as Grand
Jury Exhibit 11.
(Grand Jury Exhibit Number 11
marked for identification.)
MS. ALIZADEH: Which is another disc or
DVD and it contains video from the Ferguson Market,
the incident you heard Dorian Johnson talk about.
They went in, got the Cigarillos and left the store.
They are pretty brief clips. You want to watch them
now since we have 15 minutes and then I thought
during lunch, you also heard during his interview
that he was drawing on some maps and we have copies
of those maps. And also he made a drawing I can't
find it in my office right now, I think Sheila might
have one.
I thought while you are eating lunch, you

Page 14
can pass around those maps and look at them as you
are relaxing if you want to. This will only take a
couple minutes. You all right with me playing this
now?
So for the record a DVD, that on the DVD
itself it says 14-43984, and it says video segments.
There is no audio with this disc.
(Video is being played at this time.)
MS. ALIZADEH: Now, for the record that
was called register snippet and that was a view of
where the cash register is and the counter is.
So this next snippet, it is called door
snippet. It is at the door of the food store, the
convenience store.
(Playing of the video clip.)
MS. ALIZADEH: Would anybody like to see
those snippets again? And of course, you can watch
them at any other time you wish.
Can we ask you a
question, both, either one of you a question about
maybe we'll find out more later, but how this
pertains or relates to the knowledge that maybe
Officer Wilson would of had at the time?
MS. ALIZADEH: You will hear some evidence
about that.

Page 15
Okay.
MS. ALIZADEH: There will be, we have a
lot of witnesses to call still.
Okay.
MS. ALIZADEH: A lot of these things, it
is difficult for us to, if we were in a trial, you
try to put things on in order that people can make
sense of it. But in a trial you make an opening
statement so you can outline for the jury what the
evidence is going to be.
But we are not doing that here, and so you
all understand you are hearing things and not
knowing what's left to come.
There will be, I believe, other witnesses
who talk about that, so we'll just have to wait and
see how that testimony comes in.
Will we hear
testimony any of witnesses inside the store to the
events that happened in the store?
MS. ALIZADEH: Possibly. Sheila and I
have not made out our list. Our intention is to
call as many people as we can. Some people may not
be cooperative. We will serve subpoenas on people
who don't voluntarily agree to come in.
I don't know how else to explain that

Page 16
other than we are going to have as many people as we
can, that we think know anything about this coming
in and testifying. So there will be many, many
witnesses to come, all right?
So at this time it is 12:23, if you all
will just break for lunch and your lunch will be
here in less than ten minutes. And the plan right
now is shortly after 1:00, we'll give you an update
of when we might start up in the afternoon.
(Recess)
MS. WHIRLEY: So present is Sheila
Whirley, Kathi Alizadeh, Dorian Johnston is our
witness. We have 12 grand jurors and the court
reporter.
Dorian Johnson, I said your name, I
generally ask
MS. ALIZADEH: Sheila, he needs to be
sworn in.
MS. WHIRLEY: Thank you.

Page 17
DORIAN JOHNSON,
of lawful age, having been first duly sworn to
testify the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth in the case aforesaid,
deposes and says in reply to oral
interrogatories, propounded as follows, to-wit:
EXAMINATION
MS. WHIRLEY: Thank you.
BY MS. WHIRLEY:
Q So introduce yourself to the grand jurors?
A Good afternoon everybody. My name is
Dorian Johnson, as you all well know. I'm thankful
that you all could come, part of your busy schedule,
I don't know if you all have anything else to do,
I'm thankful you can come and hear my story.
Q Thank you. Now, Dorian, I stand in the
back of the room. I do that so that we can have a
conversation and you will talk loud enough for even
me to hear you. These mikes that you see, they are
just recording, they're not really making your voice
louder, so speak up for me, okay? We have a lot of
fans in here to try to keep the room a little bit
cooler.
A Okay, yes, ma'am.
Q Okay, good, that's better. Now, you came

Page 18
here on your own free will; is that correct?
A Correct, yes.
Q You do have an attorney, your attorney is
Freeman Bosley?
A That's correct also.
Q And he's outside sitting, he cannot be a
part of the testimony, he cannot be in here while
you testify, but he's outside and you know that if
you ever want to take a break and consult with him,
or talk to him, you have a right to do that.
A Oh, okay.
Q Do you understand?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q Your mother came too, as a matter of fact?
A Oh, yes, she's here with me also.
Q And she's in the TV room right now. We
made her comfortable sitting in the TV room.
Now, we told you that you are not a
focus of any criminal charges, right?
A Yes.
Q That we just want to hear from you being
the person that was with Michael Brown that day, in
your own words, what happened, that's what we are
here for. We are not here to prosecute you. You
may tell us some things that have to do with

Page 19
criminal behavior. I know there is an incident at
the store, at the Ferguson Market. We will play
that video and ask you to tell us what's going on
there.
There is some talk about smoking weed
and those kind of things, but that's not anything
that we are here to prosecute you for. I want to
make that clear on the record, okay?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q Because we want you to feel free and
comfortable to tell us only the truth here, that's
what we are trying to do. This is a fact finding
mission, okay?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q All right. So with that said, let's talk
about you knew Mike Brown, right? You call him Big
Mike?
A I'm going to ask if I can refer to him as
Big Mike, that's the way it sounds funny saying if
it is okay with the jury.
Q Absolutely, I will call him Big Mike too
if you don't mind.
A Thank you.
Q So you were good friends with Big Mike?
A We were good friends, but not childhood

Page 20
friends.
Q So tell us how you met Big Mike?
A I met Big Mike, I recently had, well, not
recently, but I just moved in those apartments, I
had me and my girlfriend, my daughter, we were
staying in the apartment, two bedroom apartment, I
had a roommate. I just moved over there.
I only been staying in those
apartments for about eight months. I met Big Mike
around the fifth month that I was living there. I
met him through a friend that I know from the area,
neighborhood down the street where he lived.
Q Okay.
A So when he introduced Big Mike, they came
to my apartment one day, they want to play video
games, you know, relax and have conversation. And I
didn't have a problem with that.
So they came over, and when he came
to my door, he was real quiet when he came in, you
know, he was the biggest person in the room. So it
struck me as kind of strange, I don't really be
around people that I don't know. So I asked him a
question, I was like, hey, how you doing. I live
here, this is my house.
And he spoke back to me, he said I'm

Page 21
all right, you know. And he just kind of kept it to
hisself. I felt that he was good, he was just a
person that didn't speak a lot. So he was all right
with me to be in my house.
Q Did you socialize with him on a regular
basis after that or how often would you say you was
in his presence?
A Like I said, it was my apartment, so you
know, I had bills and things like that. I was
working at the time of me first moving into the
apartments. I recently lost my job around the sixth
month, I met him in the fifth month, so now I'm on
the verge of finding new work and finding a way to
pay the bills. So I was not able to connect with
him on a daily basis or even every other day because
I'm trying to find work.
Q And what was your address at the time that
you met him?
A
Q And did he live in that same apartment
complex?
A No, he did not. He stayed in an apartment
complex behind, there is another one called
Northwinds and it was right behind Canfield. When I
met him, the time that I met him.

Page 22
Q When you met him. And on August the 9th
at the time of the shooting, was he living in
Northwinds.
A No, at that time he had recently moved out
of his grandmother's house. He was staying with a
friend that I knew in Canfield across the parking
lot.
Q Okay. All right. So when you first met
him, he was living with his grandmother in
Northwinds?
A Correct, yes, ma'am.
Q And so after you met him, so you had known
him before the shooting probably a couple of months,
two to three months?
A Yes, maybe a month or two.
Q A month or two?
A A month or two.
Q But you really didn't hang out with him?
A No, ma'am, not on a daily basis.
Q You were a few years older?
A Yeah.
Q He was 18 you were 22?
A 22, yes, ma'am.
Q But you liked him?
A Right, he was a real comfortable guy. I
