VOLUME III

GRAND JURY HEARING
MS. ALIZADEH: Good afternoon. For the
record, I'm Kathi Alizadeh with the Prosecutor's
Office. Also present is Sheila Whirley with the
Prosecutor's Office, and all 12 jurors are present
today and as well as the court reporter who is
taking down everything that's being said as well as
audio recording the proceedings that are going on
this afternoon.
As you can tell, we've kind of rearranged.
We're trying to figure out how to best work the room
with the equipment that we have.
As you can see this screen kind of moves.
Do you see the wind, the air blowing on it? It is
blowing on the screen, but not on you,
unfortunately. So we're going to try this out.
If this is too annoying, we'll next time
try something else out, but this is a bigger screen
and we thought maybe it would be easier for
everybody to see it. If everybody gets car sick
because pictures are kind of wiggling on there, we
will figure something out.
Also, and we have some additional fans,
I'm going to try to bring another fan in tomorrow to
make it a little more comfortable. I'm doing the

best I can as far as the heating and cooling.
So my understanding that you all are going
to be able to be seated today from 1:00 to 5:00; is
that correct? And so for today we've scheduled two
witnesses. The first witness is here and it will be
another crime scene detective.
His name is Detective
And then the second witness that's
going to testify is the medical examiner who
conducted the autopsy, his name is Dr. and
because of his schedule, I'm going to tell
Dr. probably isn't going to be here until
two, he's going to get here as soon as he can.
If we're not done with Detective
we are just going to interrupt his testimony because
he can very easily come back on another day. It is
hard for me to get the doctor here. He is going to
be going out of town, so we might have to interrupt
Detective and bring him back to finish up
with whatever questions or additional we have with
him, okay?
So with that being said.

DETECTIVE
of lawful age, having been first duly sworn to
testify the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth in the case aforesaid,
deposes and says in reply to oral
interrogatories, propounded as follows, to-wit:
EXAMINATION
BY MS. ALIZADEH:
Q Can you start out by stating your name and
spelling it so the court reporter can put it in the
record?
A
Q And how are you employed?
A I'm a police officer.
Q How long have you been a police officer?
A 33 years.
Q Okay. Now, Detective you are kind
of a soft spoken person a little bit. I want to
make sure that everybody back here can hear him and
if you cannot hear him, please raise your hand and
let us know if you can't hear him.
I don't think the microphone
amplifies, it is recording actually. So you
probably just have to keep your voice up a little
bit.

What do you do, what department do
you work for?
A For the past 22 years I've been with St.
Louis County Police Department.
Q And currently, what is your job assignment
with the St. Louis County Police Department?
A For the past 14 years I'm a crime scene
detective.
Q Now, we've already heard from a Detective
about what crime scene detectives do. Would
that be similar to what you do with your job
responsibilities?
A Yes.
Q Are you a training officer for crime scene
detectives?
A Yes, both in division patrol and also the
crime scene unit. For the past 27 years, I've been
a field training instructor.
I also teach the basic and advance
crime scene schools at our police academy and I also
lecture at four area schools and universities.
Q And is there a board certification for
crime scene investigators?
A Yes, I hold currently the highest
certification level that's possible through the

International Association of Identification. I'm a
Board Certified Senior Crime Scene Analyst.
Q Were you working then as a crime scene
investigator for St. Louis County on August 9th of
this year?
A I was.
Q And did you receive a call sometime in the
early afternoon of that day to respond regarding a
police involved shooting?
A I did.
Q About what time did you get that call?
A Uh, about 1:00 p.m. I was notified at home
by my supervisor to respond to our office, which is
in north county, to retrieve a crime scene van and
then contact one of our crimes against person
detectives at Christian Northwest Hospital.
Q So did you go from your home to the office
to pick up a crime scene van?
A I did.
Q Now, we've also heard Detective talk
about his crime scene van, were you in your
separation van?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And is your van outfitted or equipped with
basically the same things that Detective van

would have been equipped with?
A Exactly the same thing, yes.
Q And so about what time did you arrive at
your office in north county?
A Probably about 2:00p.m.
Q And then after retrieving the crime scene
van, did you go directly to Christian Northwest?
A I did, I arrived about 2:20p.m.
Q And did you make contact with a detective,
now you say crimes against person, are you all
familiar with the bureau in St. Louis County? The
detective bureau is divided up into separate
distinct units, crimes against persons is a unit
that deals with, obviously, crimes against persons,
but it would be homicides, assaults, rapes and so
forth.
So Detective when you got to
the hospital, who did you contact?
A One of our detectives by the name of
Q
A I'm sorry, Mr. Wilson was
there, the assist chief of Ferguson Police
Department and an attorney for the paternal order of
police for Mr. Wilson.

Q Now, you and I met yesterday and talked
about your testimony and we went over things because
I don't have a report from you, is that fair to say?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And so when we talked about this, did I
talk to you about the fact
the police officer who
is involved in the shooting, correct?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q If at all possible,
would that be okay?
A Of course.
Q So when you arrived at Christian
Northwest, Detective was there?
A Yes.
Q Darren Wilson was there with an attorney?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And who else was there?
A The assistant chief of Ferguson Police
Department,
Q Did you have a conversation with Detective
about what had happened?

A He gave me an overview, yes.
Q What did you understand your role was in
responding to Christian Northwest Hospital?
A Based on the information that I received,
I was to document visible injuries or complaint
sites of injury on Darren Wilson. We were to
document his clothing. I was going to seize his
clothing and also the weapon that he carried that
day.
At some point in time I was also
tasked with the processing of the Ferguson police
vehicle, which was a fully marked Tahoe.
Q So, Detective you said you were
also then tasked with processing the vehicle, the
fully marked Ferguson police car, which was a
?
A Tahoe.
Q Tahoe, okay. And so about what time did
you arrive at the hospital?
A 2:20p.m.
Q And where was Darren Wilson?
A He was in the ER room.
Q And did you have a conversation, did you
introduce yourself to him?
A Of course.

Q Were you dressed similarly to how you are
today?
A No, ma'am. I was in my normal daily
uniform, which consist of a polo shirt and what we
refer to as BTU pants, they are cargo. The rest of
my accouterments, department issue badge, obviously
my side arm, handcuffs, magazine holder, and then on
the polo shirt itself it is marked St. Louis County
Police Department with our badge, Crimes Against
Unit and on the back is pretty much glow in the dark
letters that says St. Louis County Police
Department.
Q Have you met Darren Wilson before this
date?
A No, ma'am.
Q And so when you saw him in the emergency
room, how was he dressed?
A He had his department issued Navy blue
uniform pants on, his boots, but he was wearing a
T-shirt. He was not carrying a sidearm or his duty
leather and he did not have his uniform shirt on.
Q Did you tell him what you were there for?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And did you ask him any questions that
would assist you in knowing what to photograph?

A I asked him what areas hurt other than
what I was seeing. He went through several sites
that he complained of injuries. I retrieved the ER
charge nurse to make sure that I wasn't missing
anything as far as the ER staff doing their initial
assessment of Darren Wilson.
Q So you spoke with the charge nurse, do you
recall his name?
A No, I do not.
Q Did he indicate to you that there were
additional injuries that you did not assess or not
see?
A No, we walked through with Darren Wilson
his injury complaint sites, consisting of mainly his
facial area, the back of his neck and he said his
head hurt.
Q Did you photograph the areas that he
indicated hurt?
A I did.
Q Now, we also heard Detective
yesterday, not yesterday, I keep saying yesterday,
previously, about when he photographs crime scenes,
are you all instructed similarly that you would
have, I guess, a procedure that you follow in how
you do photographs?

A Correct. There's a standard format that
we teach in the crime scene school and we also teach
during our field training program.
There's a normal sequencing event. In
this case you take overall pictures, you take what's
called midrange pictures to tie in that location to
something else that's recognizable, you will take a
specific image and in these kind of circumstances
you'll also put a measuring device or a scale in
your information to give you an idea of how large
this area is or how small this area is.
Q Did you do that when you were
photographing the injuries on Darren Wilson?
A I did.
Q And then after you completed all of your
investigation in this case, did you remove the
memory card from your camera?
A I did.
Q And did you have those, I can't remember,
do you burn it onto a desk or do you take the memory
card to the lab?
A No, the memory card is placed in, in the
old days referred to as a film envelope, and then
that was hand carried by myself to our photo lab.
The photo lab will download the original images from

the media card onto a disc and then after that's
completed, on homicide cases, officer involved
shootings and other cases of note, they will print
the photo lab, meaning they, will print 8 X 10
photographs. This was done in this case.
I will respond back to the photo lab,
those images are reviewed my me and then they are
stamped with official photographs and for the
prosecuting attorney's set. I will circle the image
number on the back of the 8 X lOs and put my
initials and DSN on the back of them.
Q All right. Did you do that in this case?
A I did.
Q When you examined the photographs after
the lab had printed them out, did the lab print each
and every image that you had snapped during your
investigation?
A They did.
Q So there is no images that you deleted
from the camera or images that might have been
developed that you discarded?
A Absolutely not.
Q Do you in any way crop these photographs?
A Absolutely not.
Q Do you in any way edit them or use a

filter when you are photographing or change or
enhance color?
A No, ma'am.
Q Do you recall how many photographs you
took in this case?
A I believe around 50.
(Deposition Exhibit Number 10
marked for identification.)
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) I'm going to hand you
what I have marked as Grand Jury Exhibit 10. Did
you and I get this envelope yesterday, did you
recognize this from my office yesterday?
A We did. When I stamp these photographs, I
fill out the front of this with a header information
as far as date, complaint number, what type of
incident it is, and in this scenario since I went to
three different locations, those three different
locations are also marked on front of the envelope.
In addition to that, I put my
information on there as far as crime scene unit,
Detective my DSN.
We also stamp in front, which matches
what's on the back of the photographs so it is
marked official photograph. And as far as the
dissemination, in this case this was marked PA,

standing for the prosecuting attorney's office.
Q All right. And I want you to remove the
photographs that are inside Grand Jury Exhibit 10.
And just briefly leaf through them. Do those appear
to be the photographs that you took during your
investigation of this case?
A They are.
Q And do they, each photograph bear your
markings where you stamp them as an official
photograph and you circle the image number and place
your initials there?
A Yes, ma'am. It is reflected here.
Q Okay. Can you tell me what the last
photograph that is in that stack is numbered?
A Number 50.
Q Okay. So you have 50 photographs in your
hand there?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And so for the sake of ease, if you want
to sit in that chair right there, and I will have
you one by one we're going to go through each
photograph and you are going to describe what is
depicted in that photograph. So this is Image
Number 1, correct?
A It is.

Q We already have testimony from Detective
about the placard that is photographed, is
that your habit to do that as well?
A Every time, yes, ma'am.
Q And that contains the date that the
photograph, what date, is that the date of the
incident always or the date that the photographs are
being taken?
A Usually both. If I respond to a scene to
photograph that, if it is the original scene, at
this point it was, then the original date here.
Now, if I had been involved in this
with further investigation, if I have another aspect
of this investigation, I will put in parentheses
next to the complaint number the date of the
original incident. Let's say we had to go back and
do something today, okay.
The date of the original incident
would be here next to the county complaint number,
but the date of the image that I took, these would
be in the first part.
Q So in this case, your investigation?
A Occurred on 8/9/14 yes, ma'am.
Q That was the date of the shooting?
A Correct.

Q And then we've already had some testimony,
the top number is the county complaint number?
A It is.
Q And below that is the Associated Ferguson
Police Department generated complaint?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And then the incident as it was called in
originally, correct?
A Correct.
Q And then is that your department serial
number?
A Yes.
Q And your initials?
A And DSN.
Q All right. And can you go to Image Number
2. I will take these from you as we go.
Can you then go ahead and describe
for the jurors what appears in that image?
A This is an overall view of Darren Wilson
at the time of my investigation. As I described to
you folks earlier, this is how he was dressed.
Q Hang on a second, I don't want to put
anybody to sleep, but I'm going to try and see if it
goes totally dark.
For the record, I was just adjusting

the light to make it easier to see that image on the
screen. And is that how he appeared in the
emergency room dressed in a T-shirt and the pants
he's wearing, those are his department issued pants?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q All right. And Image Number 3?
A Image Number 3 is an overall view of the
back of him from the rear.
Q I think push it up?
A I'm trying to lose that glare.
MS. WHIRLEY: Can you zoom it in some?
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) I don't know how to make
that different. Again, if you want the photos
passed around because it is easier to see the actual
photograph, but for the purposes of this testimony.
I want
to see the first picture.
MS. ALIZADEH: You want to see Image
Number?
I personally, if you can
give me the picture.
MS. ALIZADEH: And when this is done, if
you want, we'll just pass them through you, okay,
because there aren't a whole lot of these

photographs.
Image Number 3 again, this is the back of
Officer Wilson, correct?
A It is.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And are you aware of the
T-shirt that he is wearing, is that the T-shirt he
had on that day?
A It is.
Q And when you, I know you didn't examine
him like a doctor, did you see anything on him that
indicated that he had been bleeding?
A No, ma'am.
Q No open wounds?
A None that I observed, no.
Q Did you ask him if he had been bleeding or
if he was cut?
A I did.
Q And what was his response?
A He said no.
Q Okay. Now Image Number 4 . No, wait, that
was Image Number 4, isn't it?
A Correct.
Q And just for the record, we have to make a
record, Image Number 4 is?
A Overall view of the facial area of Darren

Wilson.
Q Image Number 5?
A Overall view of the left side of his face.
Q Image Number 6?
A Overall view of the right side of his
face.
Q Image Number 7?
A It is a part of a series of two, the first
part of this is a close-up view of the left side
facial area without a measuring device.
The next image is one with the
measuring device.
Q And the next image is Number 8?
A Yes.
Q All right.
What is it you
are measuring there?
A That was one of the injury complaint sites
by Darren Wilson. He complained that his face was
hurting. So when I asked him specifically, he
pointed to these sides of his face. We'll get to it
shortly, but also the back of his neck.
Okay, thank you.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) That is Image Number 9?
A It is. Again, part of a series of two,

this is a close-up of the right side of his face
without a measuring device and then one with a
measuring device.
Q And with the measuring device is Image
Number 10?
A Correct.
Image Number 11 overall view of the
back of his neck.
Again, part of one, two series of
images, close-up view of the back of his neck
without a scale.
Q And that's Image Number 12?
A It is. And 13 reflects one with the
scale.
Next Image 14 is the left rear side
of his neck without a scale and 15 with the scale.
MS. WHIRLEY: Sheila Whirley. What are
you measuring on there?
A Again, Miss Whirley, just a complaint site
that he complained of.
MS. WHIRLEY: So that line of demarcation
does not have anything to do with the complaint
site?
A No, ma'am, that's a natural crease in his
neck area.

Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Next Image Number?
A 16.
Q Okay.
A Is the right rear side of his neck without
a scale, and then 17 is with a scale.
18 is the left side of his neck
without a scale, and then 19 is with a scale.
Q All right. So those 18 total photographs
were how Darren Wilson appeared when you
photographed him on August 9th shortly after 2:20,
or about what time did you actually photograph him?
A At 2:20 that's when I initiated my, I
turned my back to you folks, I'm sorry, that's when
I initiated my investigation and documentation as I
stated earlier of the injury sites that Darren
Wilson complained of.
Q Did you photograph any other parts of his
body?
A No, ma'am.
Q Did he complain of any other injuries?
A No, ma'am.
Q Did you examine his hands?
A I looked at them, I did not examine them.
Q Okay. Did he complain that his hands were
injured or hurting in any way?

A No, ma'am.
Q When you looked at his hands, did you see
the backs of his hands?
A I did.
Q And did you notice anything that appeared
to you that might indicate an injury to the backs of
his hands?
A No, ma'am.
Q Now, at the hospital, did you seize
anything from Darren Wilson?
A I did not.
Q And you had indicated previously that you
were also charged with the duties of seizing his
clothing?
A Correct.
Q And his gun?
A Correct.
Q And now you said that he had his
department issue pants on in the hospital; is that
correct?
A Yes.
Q Did you talk to him about those pants?
A I did.
Q And did he show you anything on the pants?
A He said there was blood on his left thigh.

Q And did you look at the pants?
A I did.
Q Did you see something that was some type
of stain on the left thigh of his department
trowsers?
A I did. There was a reddish stain on the
upper thigh area.
Q And did you photograph those pants in the
hospital?
A No, ma'am, we did that at Ferguson Police
Department.
Q Did you seize his pants at the hospital?
A No, ma'am.
Q Why is it that you just have him take his
pants off right then and give it to you?
A He had nothing else to wear. I didn't
want him traveling in just a hospital gown back to
Florissant Police Department.
Q So was there a decision made for you, as
well as Darren Wilson and others to go back to the
Ferguson Police Department?
A Yes.
Q And was there a discussion about somebody
bringing clothing for him?
A Yes. I did discuss with Lieutenant

Colonel from Ferguson Police Department to
see if we could make arrangements from
whoever, to make arrangements if they
could bring clothes to Ferguson Police Department so
that Darren Wilson had something to wear home that
day.
Q All right. Now, did you travel directly
from the hospital to the police department?
A I did.
Q Now, let me ask you this, getting back at
little bit at the hospital, did you ask Darren
Wilson any questions about what happened that day?
A No, ma'am.
Q You didn't ask him about, tell me what
happened or anything of that nature?
A No, ma'am.
Q Did you hear him talking to anybody else
about what happened that day?
A No, ma'am, not while I was photographing.
Q All right. So did you go by yourself in
your crime scene van to Ferguson?
A I did.
Q To your knowledge, did Darren Wilson
travel there with another officer?

A Lieutenant Colonel I believe,
yes.
Q Did you all arrive at the Ferguson Police
Department at around the same time?
A Yes.
Q When you got there, what's the first thing
you did?
A After meeting with Detective Darren
Wilson, Lieutenant Colonel we entered
Ferguson Police Department and went to their
detective bureau.
I was told that's where Officer
Wilson or Darren Wilson's department issued firearm
was, his uniform shirt and that's where we were
making arrangements to have clothes brought to him
so I could document the uniform that he was wearing
and also seize those uniform pants from him.
Q And so when you went into the detective
bureau, did you locate the weapon?
A Yes, I inquired of its whereabouts and I
was told that someone had placed Darren Wilson's
department issued side arm in an evidence envelope,
which wasn't sealed. It was on a desk there in the
detective bureau with other detectives from that
department present.

Q And did you locate that envelope with the
firearm inside of it?
A I did.
Q And you said it wasn't sealed, did you
remove the contents of the envelope?
A I did.
Q What was inside the envelope?
A His department issued Sig Saur firearm,
the magazine and one live round, and that's how the
firearm was placed in that envelope. I did not
download that weapon when I inquired about it. I
was told that Darren Wilson had downloaded the
weapon and then probably at the direction of the
supervisor, it was placed in that envelope and
merely for conveyance purposes, I assumed from the
scene back to Ferguson Police Department until I
arrived.
Q But that was not your firsthand knowledge,
correct?
A No, ma'am.
Q So the gun, the empty magazine and one
live round was in that envelope?
A Correct.
Q And you were told that the gun was
downloaded by Darren Wilson?

A Yes.
Q And you all know what that means,
downloading, other than like on the internet, can
you explain what that means for the jurors?
A Sure. When you download a semiautomatic
weapon for our terminology, that means that the
magazine is removed, all rounds that are in the
magazine and whatever is chambered is removed and
the slide is locked back. That's a safe way to
store a weapon.
Q So was that in the condition it was when
you got it out of the envelope?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q Okay. And now you are not a ballistics
person; is that correct?
A I am not a certified ballistics expert,
no, ma'am.
Q Are you familiar with this weapon?
A Very.
Q And is it, in fact, the same weapon that
you carry?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And so did you, when you removed the
weapon from the envelope, did you photograph it in
the state it was in?

A Yes, ma'am.
Q Okay. Let's go through those. Your first
is Number 20, I believe?
A It is. Once I removed the weapon, it was
laid on top of the Ferguson Police Department's
evidence envelope in exactly the condition that I
removed it from.
Q You and I talked about this yesterday,
what's this thing right here?
A That is just part of the seal on the back
of their evidence envelope. I did not apply that
and nor was it sealed.
Q Okay. And this portion of the weapon,
that's the slide of the weapon?
A It is.
Q And it is locked in the pulled back
position?
A Correct.
Q Can you --
MS. ALIZADEH: We have a question?
When you handle
this evidence, are your hands gloved?
A Always.
Even when you are
photographing?

A Always, yes, ma'am.
Okay.
A As a general rule, I always wear two sets
of gloves. If the first set becomes contaminated or
in this case, if I was to swab this for any other
potential forensic evidence. That first set is
removed before I move onto the next step and then
another set of gloves is put on so I don't run the
risk of cross-contamination.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So you are double gloved
when you are handling this firearm?
A Always.
Q All right, yes?
So the envelope,
it was your understanding that was the first time it
had been used was when that gun was put in?
A I was just told it was placed in the
envelope.
By that picture, it looked
like the envelope has been used before?
A It's possible, I don't know.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And, Detective, did you
seize the envelope?
A No, ma'am.
Just

clarification. What is the protocol for when you
seize a weapon and it is placed in the evidence bag
to be inspected, what's the protocol as far as
putting it in there and everything else after that?
A I can speak for the County Police
Department, I can't speak for another agency, okay.
We do not package firearms in this manner.
If I go to a scene and there's a
firearm laying there, okay. There's a standard
protocol that we always follow, and I think you may
have seen some of those from Detective
We'll take an overall view, we'll
take what is called a midrange view to tie in that
firearm, if we are talking about bag this, where it
is on this section of the table. The overall view
would be the entire room, okay. Midrange view would
say, well, it is near these two jurors and these two
microphones.
Then we would take a close-up view of
it, but it is still in place. We have not
manipulated it, we have not touched it and then what
you folks will see here shortly we follow the same
protocols as far as images.
Once it is photographed in place,
then wearing gloves, we will pick it up, usually lay

it on another surface, whether it is an evidence
envelope or evidence box, which would be the County
Police Department. We don't put fires arms in a
package.
And then we would lay that firearm,
we would photograph both sides, we would take an
image of the serial number, we would remove the
magazine, photograph all of these things as they
are, and then we would unload the magazines and
whatever rounds in the magazine. We would display
them next to the magazine to document, well, these
are the rounds that we found in there.
We would then lock the slide back and
whatever is in the chamber or not in the chamber
then we would document that.
We would package those items
separately, but they all go into one gun box.
If we were to seize this and render
it safe, then it would be inspected by another
detective or one of my supervisors to confirm
Detective looked at this gun and he cleared
it, and I'm checking to make sure that it is cleared
so everyone is safe.
We would then put what's called a
lead seal, which has a number on it through the

trigger guard, which would be this section right
here. And per our firearms unit, we would put in
essence, it is a orange zip tie that runs from, if I
can change images, Miss Alizadeh?
MS. ALIZADEH: Sure, just identify the
image you are going to put up there.
A The next image is Number 21. This is the
other side of the weapon. Again, our normal
sequence. And right here would be the ejection
port, that orange zip tie would initiate going
through here, it comes out of the bottom of the
magazine, goes in and then we would secure that.
Then it is sent to the firearms unit
to verify when that gun gets there, that it couldn't
have accidently slide, go forward, it could have
been knocked around or something. And we want to
confirm when it goes to our crime lab personnel that
that gun is safe, has been inspected and has been
confirmed.
So come back to your original, I
can't speak for other departments, I can only share
with you what is our protocol policy and procedure.
One more question. Did
you take a picture of the envelope while the weapon
is in the envelope?

A No, ma'am.
I have the question about
the clothing. Is it common practice to have
somebody travel from one spot to another before you
take the clothing, I mean, I'm wondering is there a
reason why somebody couldn't bring that to the
hospital where he was instead of having him travel
somewhere else before he got there for his clothing.
A Again, ma'am, I can't address that, that
was Ferguson's decision. If I was to work, and I've
worked hundreds, if that was a County Police
Department employee, we would have made arrangements
to get clothes to him or her.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Does anybody, the first
image of the weapon was Photograph Number 20, does
anybody need that back up? We are moving back now
for 21, which has been on the screen. Describe what
you are seeing?
A That is the other side or the right side
of the weapon, the slide locked back. Visible in it
serial number, as I explained earlier.
And Image 22 is a close-up view of
that serial number. You folks may not be able to
see that. We can certainly pass that around. I
don't know how to make that clearer.

Q Can you, just with the pointer, point out
where the serial number is?
A Right in the center of the image is the
serial number of that firearm.
Q Now, also not clearly visible on the
screen, but again, we will pass these around, there
is, there is something right there?
A There's a red stain right here. And also
in this area on the slide.
Q All right. Were there any other red
stains that you found anywhere else on the gun?
A Yes, they're on the slide also.
Q Okay. And now before we get to, I know
you depleted your photographs, but while we have
this up, let's go forward to you swabbing the gun.
A Okay.
Q We also heard Detective talk about
these kits that you are equipped with in your crime
scene van?
A Yes.
Q They are prepackaged and sterile swabs,
correct?
A Correct.
Q Did you swab that gun?
A I did.

Q What area, if we could maybe just use 20
and 21 again, instead of that close-up, just point
with the pointer the areas of that weapon that you
swabbed?
A The entire slide area, all three sides of
it and this area on both sides.
Q And so that would include the reddish
stains or the reddish substances that you could see
on that weapon?
A Yes.
Q Now, let you resume with the next image.
A The next image is 23. Again, we're
documenting the condition of the contents from that
firearm that was in the envelope placed by Ferguson
Police Department personnel.
Q And that magazine is empty?
A It is.
Q All right.
A Yes, ma'am.
Do you check for
fingerprints in the gun?
A No, it is the officer's gun.
You don't check for
fingerprints?

A No, the magazine in light of these
circumstances.
No, the magazine, in the
gun, when he holds the gun?
MS. ALIZADEH: Let me address that because
that's a good question.
I'm sorry.
A That's great.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) I kind of skipped over
that, let's talk about that right now.
A Sure.
Q So when you were, were you told that there
was a physical struggle over this weapon?
A I was.
Q And were you told that Michael Brown may
have had his hands on the weapon?
A Yes.
Q So was there some discussion between you
and other officers about swabbing versus
fingerprinting?
A There was.
Q Okay. Have you all had a fingerprint
expert testify before you before?
(All jurors indicate no.)
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) On a surface like this

firearm, how would you go about examining that, do
you want those firearm pictures again?
A Just let me have one of them please,
ma'am.
Q How would you go about looking on that
weapon for fingerprints?
A Okay. Based on the information that I was
told regarding the incident, I was informed that
Darren Wilson while holding his firearm, his
department issue pistol, while he's holding it,
there was a struggle between Mr. Brown and
Mr. Wilson while the officer was seated in his
police vehicle and Mr. Brown was outside.
So if you take that and say okay,
well, the officer is holding his gun, he never
relinquished it, the gun was never taken away,
however, we are wrestling over this gun.
Common sense would tell you that if
I'm holding the handle of the gun here, then what
opportunity or what else is the other person
struggling over. Probably this area of the gun.
The magazine was never released from
the gun during the incident, it was never dropped or
picked up, the officer never lost control of his
gun.

If you have a violent event like
that, you have to make a decision whether you are
concerned about hopefully getting a DNA profile or
the possibility of retrieving latent fingerprint
evidence.
Q Let me stop you really quick here. We are
going to finish him up describing this because our
doctor is here, but I'm going to let him finish this
area about the fingerprint versus swabbing.
Now, I want to clarify that the
things that you are talking about concerning a
struggle over the gun, that is not from your
firsthand knowledge, correct?
A Absolutely not.
Q That's information that came to you from
other sources?
A Yes.
Q And not Darren Wilson?
A Correct.
Q And then you are making some assumptions
about where you might fingerprint based upon just
common sense and your experience?
A Yes.
Q Okay. So this is not to say that this is
how it happened, but this is based upon your

experience and what you have been told at this point
where you might expect to find fingerprints?
A Correct.
Q Okay. You can then go ahead and talk
about, you have to make kind of a decision between
whether to swab for DNA or to look for fingerprints?
A Correct.
Q So why did you make a decision to swab for
DNA?
A Based on training and experience, and also
based on the information that I was given, you're
not going to have fine ridge detail during a violent
encounter. It would be different if this gun was
like this and someone just came up, other than the
officer, and touched it.
When we process that, yes, you can
get fine ridge detail. So the decision was made
between myself and the crimes against person
detective, homicide detective, that it would be
better to swab the weapon.
Now, if you are going to swab it,
then you need to swab all the relevant areas that
could be touched by someone other than Darren
Wilson.
Q Because, of course, you know Darren Wilson

has touched that gun?
A Exactly, he was holding it.
Q It would tell you nothing if his DNA is on
it?
A Absolutely not.
Q We know he touched the gun?
A Right, it is his gun.
Q All right.
A Once that decision is made and you swab,
then you're going to have to swab those areas that
were described earlier. If there was fingerprint
evidence, you are going to be swabbing through them,
so that's why you need to make a decision whether
you want to process this for fingerprints or do you
want to process this for DNA.
Q And in processing this weapon for
fingerprints, could you after that swab it for DNA?
A No.
Q So you had to pick one or the other?
A Right.
Q And based upon your information and
consulting with the detective, crime scene
detective, not crime scene, crimes against person
homicide detective, was a decision made to swab for
DNA?

A Yes, ma'am.
Q And that's what you did?
A Yes.
Q Did you package those swabs in the regular
manner?
A I did.
MS. ALIZADEH: Do you have any questions
about his processing this gun or about the gun
itself or anything like that?
Did you
describe what type of gun is it again?
A It is a Sig Sauer P229. It is a .40
caliber weapon.
MS. ALIZADEH: Just so you know and, of
course, he is familiar with this weapon, but we will
be calling, you know, someone from the crime lab
that is an expert on ballistics and can answer all
kind of questions about this weapon and how it fires
and so forth.
Once you swab
the critical areas for DNA, is all of the DNA at
that point removed from the object basically, it is
rendered clean?
A You might have a trace only because these
are cotton swabs and when we swab something, we do

two at one time. One for the prosecuting attorney's
office, that's going to end up going to the lab and
potentially a defense attorney so we keep one on
file.
When you are holding these two cotton
swabs, if you folks can picture Q-Tips, okay. You
are holding two of them together, unless you're
going back and forth and completely swabbing every
little spot on this thing, you're not going to
remove all of the DNA, all right.
You're trying to get the most profile
or profiles that you can by swabbing those areas
back and forth. Kind of like painting a first coat,
you're not going to paint, you're not going to cover
everything with your first coat. The same thing
applies when we're swabbing for DNA. So potentially
could be DNA left on there, but we try to get the
largest sample as we can.
A Yes, ma'am.
I just need to know this.
When the weapon was seized, before you got to the
weapon.
A Okay.
It was in the envelope?

A Uh-huh.
The protocol that the
envelope is supposed to be sealed, you know, like
you collect evidence and you get the bag, all the
evidence is in the bag and you seal the bag until
the right person comes and inspects the bag?
A Again, I can speak for the County Police
Department, yes. What I was told, the information
that I was given is that it was just placed there
for, in essence, conveyance or storage until I got
there.
And then, obviously, when I arrived
and I processed or I seized or I package something,
then I follow what the County Police Department
crime scene unit and our crimes lab protocol as far
as how we package things.
Was it locked away or
sitting out?
A It was in the detective bureau on a desk.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Just for clarification,
do you know does Ferguson Police Department have
their own crime scene detective?
A They do.
Q Were any of them that you know of involved
with processing anything involved with this

shooting?
A No, ma'am.
Q In fact, Ferguson had asked county to come
in and take over this investigation within maybe an
hour of the shooting, would that be your
understanding?
A Yes, ma'am.
Q And so to your knowledge, did any Ferguson
crime scene detectives have anything to do with
seizing evidence, processing any scenes?
A No, ma'am, that's why they requested my
unit to respond.
Q And so I'm only guessing or speculating,
had a Ferguson crime scene detective actually seized
this weapon, he might have handled it in a different
manner than what was done in this case, would that
be a guess or fair to say?
A That would be accurate because Ferguson
Police Department has sent some of their officers to
the crime scene school that I teach at our academy.
I'm confident in stating that they would probably
have followed protocols if they were actually
seizing pieces of evidence.
MS. ALIZADEH: Okay. Any other
clarifications?

Yes. You
may have said it, who actually put the gun into the
envelope?
A I have no idea.
Okay. Would there be an
issue when you do the swab of somebody else's DNA on
the gun.
A What I was told is that Darren Wilson had
unloaded his own weapon, so if he handed it to
someone else, I was never informed of that.
MS. ALIZADEH: Now, I will tell you we
will have DNA people testify and they will tell you
what DNA was found on that gun and if they can
identify whose DNA it was.
So as far as that goes and let me ask you,
Detective did you take a swab from Darren
Wilson at the hospital.
A Yes, ma'am.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So there was a sample of
Darren Wilson's DNA taken by you at the hospital?
A Yes.
Q And that is done by rubbing something on
the inside of his cheek?
A Yes, it is called a buccal swab.
Q And you are fully gloved?

A Uh-huh.
Q Do you have a protocol on how to take that
swab and package it so that there is no
contamination?
A We do.
Q You do not want your DNA on that swab in
any way?
A No.
MS. ALIZADEH: So at any rate, there will
be some testimony sometime down the road about what
was discovered on the swabs that Detective
used when he processed that gun and then, you know,
any conclusions to be drawn from that.
Anybody else about the gun?
We're going to have to break with him and
Detective I'm sorry, you will get an invite
back on another day.
A I love to come chat again.
MS. ALIZADEH: We'll go ahead and have him
finalize the disc and while the disc is finalizing,
because we all know that takes a couple minutes, how
about if we take a break. And in shifts, I'll start
these photographs over here so if you all want to
like, if you need a restroom break and then come
back as these are getting passed around, and you

might be able, you will be able to see. We're not
going to do the ones we haven't talked about yet,
just the ones we identified.
(Recess)
DR.
of lawful age, having been first duly sworn to
testify the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth in the case aforesaid,
deposes and says in reply to oral
interrogatories, propounded as follows, to-wit:
EXAMINATION
BY MS. ALIZADEH:
Q For the record, this is Kathi Alizadeh
present in the grand jury room with Sheila Whirley
we are both with the St. Louis County Prosecutor's
Office. All 12 jurors are present and, as well as
the court reporter who is taking down the testimony
and also audio recording the proceedings today.
For our next witness, would you state
your name, please?
A Name Dr.
Q Could you spell for the court reporter
your first and last name?
A

Q And what is your profession?
A I'm a forensic pathologist.
Q And can you describe for the jurors your
education and how you obtained the degrees to become
a pathologist?
A For starters, I obtained my bachelor of
science degree at Xavier University at Louisiana,
that was a four year education. I then attended
medical school four years at Louisiana State
University. College medical school down in New
Orleans, which was a four year training. And then I
did a four year anatomical and clinical pathology
residency at St. Louis University here in St. Louis.
I did one additional of pediatric
pathology, which was a one year fellowship and
fellowship specifically in forensic pathology at St.
Louis City Medical Examiner's Office.
Q Can you explain for the jurors what is,
what is a pathologist, what does he do?
A The basic definition of a pathologist is
someone who is a medical doctor who is in the
profession of studying disease.
Q Can you describe for the jurors what is a
forensic pathologist?
A A forensic pathologist is a specialized

doctor in the field of pathology who is dealing with
determining the cause and manner of death.
Q And you are a forensic pathologist?
A Yes, I am.
Q Are you board certified?
A Yes, I am board certified in anatomical
pathology as well as forensic pathology.
Q Are you employed as a forensic
pathologist?
A Yes, I am.
Q Where are you employed?
A I'm currently employed as an assistant
medical examiner at the St. Louis County Medical
Examiner's Office.
Q Is that the office, is the chief medical
examiner for St. Louis Dr. ?
A Yes, she is.
Q You work under her supervision?
A Yes, I do.
Q How long have you worked for the County
Medical Examiner's Office?
A A little over two years.
Q Prior to that, did you work for any other
medical examiner's office?
A No.

Q And so when you began working for the
County Medical Examiner's Office, was there any
training that you underwent or any on-the-job
training that you had to go through when you first
began?
A Urn, I mean, the main thing that's
important is that you've done a certified or
approved forensic fellow, which I did do at St.
Louis University through their system at the St.
Louis City Medical Examiner's Office. So that's the
main thing that you do need, plus your medical
degree and eventually being board certified to be
able to practice what I practice at.
Q And so in probably, what I would say in
layman's terms, one of your chief duties and
responsibilities is to perform autopsies, correct?
A Correct.
Q And just we all think we know what an
autopsy is, but can you explain for the jurors in
general when you have a deceased person how you
begin an autopsy?
A The autopsy itself, it is kind of layman's
terms just for the general examination that occurs
that I have for a case and it entails a lot of
features depending on the circumstances, some things

are not done or done, but in a complete sense of an
autopsy, you do an external examination, which is
looking at the external features of the body with
the clothes on and then removed.
Once they are removed, you want to
look at any type of identifying characteristic, any
kind of scar, any type of wounds, any type of
tattoos, anything that you can physically see on the
body that may be an abnormality or be something
different, that's the external portion of the
examination.
That is then ultimately followed with
an internal examination where you are actually
assessing all of the organs, weighing the organs
looking at the organs to see if you see any type of
pathological or disease type changes, any type of
injuries on the inside of the body.
In terms of different ancillary
studies that would be things that are in addition to
external, as well as the internal examination we do
toxicology, that's taking fluids from the body just
in a general sense, blood, urine, fluid from the
(listen) eyes where that fluid is tested to see if
there is any type of drugs, any type of toxins
within the body.

The body is x-rayed some time to look
for any type of fracture, in homicide to see if
there is any type of projectiles within the body or
any type of knives or things of that nature.
Q And by projectile, you mean like a bullet?
A Correct, like a bullet. Other things that
are done, sometimes I do cultures, that is just
looking for any type of bacteria or viral packaging
that may be in the body, that may be the cause of
death. Medical records, if they are present, I will
review those as well and sometimes I have to use
histology, which is looking at actual tissue that
has been processed to be able to look under a
microscope, where I look under the microscope and
then I can make a diagnosis of different type of
disease changes.
So those are kind of the basic things
that go into an autopsy and as I said, sometimes all
of those things are used, and sometimes bits and
pieces are used, but more the most part complete
external examination, internal examination and the
toxicology, that's pretty much routine on all cases.
Q And now you are not the toxicologist; is
that correct?
A That is correct.

Q You just collect the samples that are then
tested by a toxicologist?
A That is correct.
Q Now, prior to your beginning and autopsy,
do you receive information from anyone about the
deceased that may assist you in knowing what you are
looking at and what to look for?
A Yes, I did.
Q And in this case did you have a
conversation with
A Yes, I did.
Q Is he one of the investigators from the
Medical Examiner's Office?
A Yes, he is.
Q Now, in this particular case, did you
examine the body of Michael Brown?
A Yes, I did.
Q What day did you examine him?
A August lOth.
Q So this would be the day after the
shooting, correct?
A Correct.
Q Now, in every autopsy that you perform,
are there police officers there during the autopsy?
A Not every autopsy I perform.

Q In a situation where there might be
criminal activity involved in this person's death,
is there always a police officer who is present for
the autopsy?
A Yes, there is.
Q And are you familiar with some of the St.
Louis County crime detectives, crime scene
investigators?
A Yes, I'm familiar with them.
Q And are those generally, well not
generally, do they on occasion attend the autopsies?
A Yes, they do.
Q And are you present when a police officer
is photographing the autopsy?
A Yes, I am.
Q Do you at times direct the officer, you
know, get a picture of this because this shows this?
A Yes, I do.
Q And then if you are removing anything
foreign from the body, do you then, does the officer
document that object?
A Yes, he does.
Q Does typically the officer would then
seize those objects if there was anything seized
from the body that might be evidentiary in nature?

A Yes, they do.
Q So you're not, your job is not collection
of evidence?
A No.
Q But there is someone present during the
entire autopsy whose job is there to collect
evidence?
A That is correct.
Q Okay. Now, in this particular case, this
autopsy performed on Michael Brown, what information
did you have from that was something
that you considered prior to beginning the autopsy?
A Urn, when I was contacted by
he called me on my personal cell phone to let me
know what particular cases came in on his shift and
he informed me of the cases that came on his shift,
and one of the cases was Mr. Michael Brown.
The circumstances that I got from him
were very brief and minimal. At that particular
time he informed me that there was a police
shooting. He mentioned to me that there appears to
have been a struggle and that was kind of the extent
of the information that I had at that particular
time.
So from that point, I know that the

body is going to have to come in for examination due
to the nature of the particular type of event.
There is certain cases that are under
my jurisdiction as a medical examiner and that
particular case of Mr. Michael Brown fit that
jurisdiction, so I knew that that case was going to
come in for examination.
Q Are you aware that Missouri has a statute
that says that the actual body and its possessions
of a deceased person are the property of the Medical
Examiner's Office?
A Yes, I am.
Q And so in this particular case, well, let
me back up.
You're aware that
ultimately prepared a report, correct?
A Yes.
Q But he didn't have his report prepared
when you first began your examination; is that
correct?
A Correct.
Q Okay. And did you see any other police
reports or any other reports about this incident
before you began your examination?
A No, I did not.

Q Did you get any other information from
anywhere else, whether it be a police officer or
witnesses or anybody else?
A Before I started my examination, Detective
was present at my autopsy
examination and I did ask him about the
circumstances that he knew at that particular time.
Q What did he tell you about what he knew at
that time?
A Trying to remember exactly, it is a while
back, but it was just basically similar situation of
there were two gentlemen in the street, police
officer responded to that particular area, from that
point in time a struggle ensued and then after that
things were difficult to determine at that point in
time, but ultimately it ended in the result of
Mr. Michael Brown obtaining fatal wounds.
Q Okay. And so jumping forward now, at the
conclusion of an autopsy, do you prepare a report?
A Yes, I do.
Q And is that report reviewed by anyone else
in your office?
A Urn, there's a secretary who transcribes
the information that I speak into a digital
recorder, but it is my words and she transcribes my

words, I get it back, I correct it.
Q Okay. And so did you, you prepared the
report after your autopsy of Michael Brown?
A Yes.
Q And did you approve the final report as
correct, in other words, those were the words that
you had dictated?
A Yes, yes, I did.
(Deposition Exhibit Number 6
marked for identification.)
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) I'm going to hand you
what I marked as Grand Jury Exhibit Number 6. And
is that a copy of your report of the post-mortem
examination, post-mortem examination just another
term for like an autopsy?
A Correct.
Q Is that your report of the autopsy of
Michael Brown?
A Yes, it is.
Q All right. And I'm going to pass around
to all of you a copy of the report. Again, as I
have mentioned before, if you are reading a document
when a witness is testifying, just keep in mind that
you might be missing something that's being said.
These reports are yours to keep in your folders that

we've provided for you to review at any time. And
if at a later date after reviewing the report you
have additional questions, we will try to get those
questions answered for you.
I'm also handing you a document, I
didn't mark this, Dr. did I show you that
prior to your testimony today?
A Yes, you did.
Q This is a list of terms of anatomic
orientation. In your report, you use terms that I
would say a layperson isn't going to be familiar
with, would that be fair to say?
A That's fair.
Q And when you are autopsying a body, is it
one of your jobs and responsibilities to describe
the location of a wound?
A Yes, it is.
Q And if it is some kind of piercing wound,
whether it be from a knife or projectile, you
describe the path of that wound or the trajectory so
to speak of that wound?
A That is correct.
Q You use terms that might not be common
everyday terms that laypeople would understand?
A That is correct.

Q Do you agree that these terms that I
showed you on this list are accurate?
A Yes, I do.
Q And do you think it would assist the grand
jurors if they have a copy of this if they later
want to use the report?
A Yes, I did.
MS. ALIZADEH: So I will pass those around
as well. Again, if you will write your grand juror
number on the upper corner of these documents,
please do not write on them. If you have notes to
take, go ahead and take those notes in your
notebook, but these are going to be, do we already
have somebody that wrote on it? Did you write on
it? If need be, I can get you a clean one. I want
to make sure that the notes that you take are in
your notebook.
So, Dr. are you assisted during
the autopsy?
A Yes, I am.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And is it someone who is
employed by the Medical Examiner's Office who assist
you?
A Yes, that is true.
Q And do you recall, you said Detective

was present for the autopsy?
A (Nods head.)
Q He is a detective with the County Police
Department?
A That is correct.
Q And was there another detective there who
was photographing and seizing evidence?
A There were two other detectives there, but
I don't know their names specifically.
Q All right. And so when you, after your
autopsy is completed, is it a standard, I'm sorry,
and in the case when the police are also involved in
the autopsies as far as documenting things, does the
Medical Examiner's Office receive a complete copy of
the photographs that the police took at the autopsy?
A Yes, we do.
Q Okay. Now, I'm going to show you what
I've marked as Grand Jury Exhibit Number 7.
(Deposition Exhibit Number 7
marked for identification.)
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) I am going to ask you to
just remove what's in there. And this is a stack of
photographs and just real quickly just leaf through
them?
A Okay.

Q And tell me do you recognize these as the
photographs that were taken during the autopsy of
Michael Brown?
A Yes, I do.
Q Now, we've already done this a couple of
times and I think the easiest way to do this is if
you would sit in that chair there and take those and
have them on your lap.
And when we talk about these, now we
have already had some testimony from some crime
scene detectives about these photographs, and
including the fact that each photograph has a number
on the back of it. And so when I refer to the
photographs, since I haven't marked these
individually, we will just say this is Image Number
1, okay?
A Okay.
Q And so forth.
A Okay.
Q So let me turn down the lights again.
Makes it easier for people to see.
So, Dr. I know you're not
necessarily the author of this and not familiar with
what is depicted in Image Number 1, but the jurors
have heard testimony about this. This is the

placard that was prepared by the officer who took
these photographs and that would be his DSN down at
the bottom And my knowledge is that that is
Detective And if necessary he can
testify about taking these photographs if you need
to hear from him about what he's done.
But, of course, it is going to have
to be the doctor who testifies about what we are
seeing in these photographs for the most part. So
Image Number 1 is the placard.
Can you put Image Number 2 up there,
please? I think it goes towards you on the thing,
there you go. Can you describe what you are seeing
in that image?
A On the table is Mr. Michael Brown, the
decedent in question, and this is the way that the
body was presented to me after removal of the body
bag, which is the white bag that you see draped over
the table. And there's the placard identifying the
particular case and that's myself off into the
background in the back.
Q So that placard, and here is a laser
pointer right next to you right there, can you just
point to where the placard is you are talking about?
A This is the placard, identifying placard

for this particular case.
Q And that's prepared, that's not the one
that the county detectives prepared, that's
something that the medical examiner does, correct?
A Correct.
Q Okay.
A Actually, sorry, this one is St. Louis
County, sorry.
MS. ALIZADEH: Okay.
So when the body
leaves the scene, is it taken directly to your
offices or where is the examining on the lOth, what
happens between when it is collected and this day?
A The body is picked up from a delivery
service, delivery service is responsible for picking
the body up from the scene. At that point when the
body is picked up from the scene, it is brought
directly to the St. Louis County Medical Examiner
and it is placed in the morgue, in a cooler, until
eventually I'm going to come for the examination.
Let me back up a step. When the body
comes in and it is checked in by the morgue staff or
it is given a number, and just to make sure that it
is logged in appropriately and put into the morgue,
but the body goes into the cooler to wait until the

next day. We will take initial round of pictures
and then we will get to the point where we are right
now.
Thank you.
A You are welcome.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So when the body was
removed from the cooler, was it still locked in the
bag?
A Correct.
Q We heard talk about the fact that
there is a lock placed on the bag at the scene by
him?
A That is correct.
Q After the body is received at the Medical
Examiner's Office, does anyone before your autopsy
begins unlock that bag?
A No.
Q If that lock had been disturbed or broken
or opened when you began your autopsy, would you
have noted that?
A Yes.
Q And so when you open the body bag, this is
the body of Michael Brown as it appeared when you
open the body bag?
A That is correct.

Q We see in the image that we have heard
testimony from that there is paper
bags that are placed on the hands of the deceased?
A That is correct.
Q And that was done by at the scene?
A That is correct.
Q And would it be protocol for to
have used latex gloves while he is handling any of
the body while he is at the scene?
A That is correct.
Q So after that has happened and the officer
has photographed what we see in Image Number 2, what
happens next?
A Urn, at this point, in theory and in terms
of normal protocol or in terms of how I approach the
case, at this point I will eventually myself start
looking at the body, start the initial external
examination that I spoke with you all at the
beginning where I am looking at the clothing that
the particular decedent has on. And just stating
how the body appears to me, at least initially, in
terms of clothing and that would be the next step.
Q Okay. And so let's move through the
photographs as we go and Image Number 3?
A Yes, this is Image Number 3.

Q So just describe, if you briefly want to
describe what we are seeing here?
A This is just the decedent, Mr. Michael
Brown, from the other side of his body, looking from
the other angle before the angle is just flip
flopped. So it is just the other side, you are
looking at the right side of his body as opposed to
the first image which was the left side of his body.
Q Okay. Image Number 4?
A Image Number 4 is just kind of an overall
view of Mr. Michael Brown's face as he is as soon as
the bag is removed to expose his face and rest of
his upper body.
Q And this up here, that's the placard that
you were talking about?
A That's the identifying placard that was
prepared by St. Louis County Police Department, this
is Mr. Michael Brown's face.
Q Okay. And Image Number 5?
A Image Number 5. So this is, we actually
have a ladder in the actual morgue suite where you
are able to get a higher vantage point to be able to
get a larger view of the body.
So the officer in this particular
case has got on top of the ladder, he is doing an

overall of Mr. Michael Brown where you can see at
least down to the mid thigh, from the head down to
the mid thigh and seeing the arms and the torso, and
here is the identifying placard again.
Q Let me stop you here. As you say the body
was, you know, the bag was opened and you examined
it, are the clothes disturbed for the purposes of
these photograph?
A No, the clothes were not disturbed. This
is how they are maintained within the bag as soon as
it is opened.
Q So nobody lifted up the shirt, nobody
pulled the pants down, that's how it was when you
first saw it?
A Correct.
Q Okay. At this point, are you the one who
puts the body onto the table?
A Urn, so from here, he was placed on this
table initially within the morgue cooler, it is on
wheels. So when it comes out, he is staying on here
the entire time. So the entire autopsy is going to
start coming from the cooler, to this part where you
are seeing the pictures, to me actually doing my
incisions and remove organs, so he stays on this
table the entire time.

Q And Image Number 6, I believe?
A Image Number 6. So this is still a view
from the ladder where the officer is taking
pictures, here is that identifying placard and here
is a shot from the head would be here, the feet are
down here and you can see the hands and you can see
the rest of the lower extremities of Mr. Michael
Brown and what he was wearing.
Q Now, there is a white object that's
affixed to his right ankle, do you know what that
is?
A These are added to the body just as
identifiers to make sure we know whose who when they
are coming in for examination.
Q So that was placed on there by someone
from the Medical Examiner's Office?
A Correct.
Q Not prior to him being --
A Correct.
Q -- deceased?
A Correct.
Q And then the next one, Number 7?
A Image Number 7, this is Mr. Michael Brown.
Again, we can see the face and you can see the shirt
that he was wearing, just a closer image of the face

and upper body.
Q Okay. Number 8?
A This is number 8. So we are looking at
the right side of Mr. Michael Brown's face and you
can see the shirt that he's wearing and you can see
the right side of his face.
Q Number 9?
A This is Image Number 9. And this is
predominantly, you know, this is the right side of
the face here, the left side would be here off of
the view of the picture. So you can see some of the
injuries here to the right side of the face.
Q Now, before I get too far ahead of
ourselves here, do you have other images in this
stack that better document the injury that you
documented?
A Yes, I do.
Q So you haven't, in other words, you
haven't cleaned him up?
A No, that is correct.
Q And at some point do you clean him up?
A Yes, I do.
Q And is it easier to visualize the injuries
after that?
A That is true.

Q Okay. So we'll go through these and then
we will talk about the injuries when we have the
other photographs. And that is Number 9 is next, I
think?
A Yes, it is. This is Number 10.
Q Yes, that's right. This one is Number 9,
you've got Number 10 up there on the screen?
A Yes. This is similar image to what I just
showed. We are still looking at the right side of
the face and what has been introduced here by the
officer who is taking the photos. He has introduced
a ruler, the ruler is important for scale in order
to if you want to go back in time to say how big or
how small things are, that's the purpose of the
ruler that has been introduced into this picture.
Q Okay. And the next would be Number 11?
A So this image is flip flopped a little
bit, mouth and the nose would be up here, the top of
the head is here, we are still looking at the right
side of the face and then you still have this ruler
that has been introduced into the picture.
Q Okay. Number 12?
A This is Image Number 12. Now, we're
seeing a little bit more of the left side of the
face, but still predominantly focused on the right

side of the face and once again the ruler is here
for scale.
Q Number 13?
A This is Image Number 13. And here we're
looking at the right side of the face, getting a
little bit lower near the draw line, jaw line
depicting an injury here on the right side of the
face.
Q Number 14?
A This is Image Number 14. Similar to the
last image that I just showed you. The only
difference is the ruler has been inserted into the
photograph for scale. So we are looking at the
right side of the face, again, focusing on this
wound.
Q Number 15?
A Image Number 15. Flipped upside down, but
the mouth would be here, the top of the head is down
here, once again focusing on the right side of the
face depicting injuries.
Image Number 16. So we're looking at
the right side of the body, there was a similar
image of this before, but the feet are down here,
the head is up here, this is the right side of the
body.

Q Now, in this image, the shirt of Michael
Brown, the shirt is actually above his --
A Nipple line.
Q nipples? That was actually manipulated
prior to the photograph?
A The shirt has been manipulated prior to
this point to better get an assessment of the body
looking for other injuries.
Q Okay.
A This is Image Number 17. So what we're
looking at here is once again, we are still looking
at the right side of the body, the feet would be
here, the head is up here, you have the right arm
being extended kind of perpendicular in a 90 degree
angle from the table. The hand is up here, the
shoulder would be down there. And we have these
wounds here near the forearm, this is the forearm.
Q Okay. Image Number 18, I believe?
A This is Image Number 18. This is the
right forearm and we are looking at a wound here,
that is what is being depicted at this point.
Q Number 19?
A This is Number 19. We are looking at, do
you want me to just go through the picture or you
want me to reference them to my report at this

point, what is the best way?
Q This is prior to being cleaned up or not?
A It is kind of in between. It is a little
bit cleaned off in order to get a better shot.
Q Okay.
A But we're still, the shirt is still on.
Q Let's go through these and then we will
start with the injuries as you've documented them.
A Okay. I can just go back and pull them
out.
Q We can pull them out?
A Okay.
Q And, Doctor, is it your habit when you
begin to describe injuries, do you like start from
the head and work your way down, or do you just pick
a certain way to describe them?
A Urn, my usual approach is, I kind of go in
terms of more significant injuries to the least
significant. So I typically will start with the
things that look to me to be, you know, more
immediately impactful to the life of an individual.
So when I get to the situation where
I have wounds of the arms and things of that nature,
those would be further down in my report. That's my
typical approach when I do cases.

Q Okay. So we've scene the photographs of
the head and the side of the body, and now we are
looking at injuries to the right arm?
A To the arm, yes. So this is the right
forearm and there is an injury right here where they
introduce the ruler scale in this particular photo.
This is Image Number 20. We're still
looking at the right forearm and this is on that
previous photo, that's the wound that you were
seeing and this is a new wound here on the right
forearm.
MS. WHIRLEY: This is Sheila Whirley.
When you say the forearm, where are you speaking of?
A The forearm, particularly is the region of
your arm between your wrist and your elbow.
MS. WHIRLEY: Okay. And those are two
separate wounds did you say?
A Yes, they are two separate wounds. There
is one here and there is one here.
MS. WHIRLEY: Okay.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) At some point we will
describe them and what you conclude from those
wounds?
A Yes, I will.
Q We are just going through the photographs

in order just so we can get them all in, all right?
And the next Number is 21, I think, 21, yeah?
A Yeah, 21, and similar photos to what you
just saw, but there's rulers here. You still have
that wound here on the forearm and then here is
another one on the right forearm.
Is this 22?
Q Yeah.
A This is Image 22. So we're backing up a
little bit and it is kind of hard, I can see it on
my picture, we will get a little bit closer. So the
head of Mr. Michael Brown is here, this is still his
right arm, and this is like his torso here. What
I'm going to be focusing on there is a wound right
here on the middle part of his upper right arm.
There is a wound right here.
Q Number 23?
A This is Number 23. And this is a closer
picture of the wound that I couldn't really show too
well on the overhead projector, but this is the
wound in question right here. So it is on the upper
portion of his right arm, but it is on the inside
portion of the arm, medial.
MS. WHIRLEY: That's the medial.
A Yeah.

MS. WHIRLEY: We talking about the armpit
area.
A Close to that.
This is Image Number 24. This is
just the same picture again, but you see the ruler
inserted for scale and this is the wound.
This is Image Number 25, so the head
of Mr. Michael Brown is here, the hand, the right
hand is out here, this is the shoulder area and we
are looking at the medial or kind of the inner
aspect of the right arm, but what I'm focusing on
right here there's another wound right here in the
bicep region on the right arm. And then there is
also a tattoo here on the forearm that reads Big
Mike.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) This is 26 now?
A This is Image 26. And this is just a
closer picture of that wound that I was showing
before on this part of the bicep and on the right
arm.
Image 27. Same image, again, of the
wound of right bicep. You have a ruler introduced
for scale.
This is Image 28. Backing up a
little bit, but it is still the right arm,

Mr. Michael Brown's head is here and there is a
wound right here on the upper part of the right arm.
So here, and specifically this region
would be, we call it the ventral surface or anterior
surface or the front surface of the arm, but there
is a wound here that I'm depicting right here.
Q Which arm is this?
A This is the right arm.
Q So there is a tattoo we saw in an earlier
photograph on the right forearm?
A Yes.
Q That read downward, correct?
A Correct.
Q And in this image there is another tattoo,
that's not the same tattoo, correct?
A This is a different tattoo on the upper
portion of the right arm. When I say the upper
portion of the right arm, I'm talking from the elbow
to the shoulder. So where your bicep would be and
this is a different portion of the right arm, but
there's a different identifying tattoo here.
Q 30?
A Image Number 30. Showing that same wound
on the front portion of that upper right arm, but
the only difference is the ruler has been introduced

into the photo for scale.
Q 31.
A Image 31. So now we are looking, the
shirt has been raised, we are still looking at the
right sides of the body. So over here on the right
lateral side of his chest, lateral is to the
outside, you have a wound right here and that's the
main thing that I'm focusing on at this point.
So this would be 32. This is just a
closer up view of that wound that I just showed you
previously here on this lateral part of the right
chest. And this is the nipple on right side.
Q 33, it should be?
A Image Number 33. The only thing different
in this photo is, the ruler has been introduced per
scale. Still looking at the same wound I just
showed you.
This will be Image Number 34. So
here is Mr. Michael Brown's head, the shirt has been
raised up further in this particular situation.
That previous wound that I was just showing you was
down here, there is a new wound here on the, kind of
the upper part of right chest, and that's what I'm
focused on right now, a different wound?
Q 35.

A This is a close-up view of that wound that
I showed you on the upper part of that right chest.
Q 36.
A Image 36. The only difference is a ruler
has been introduced per scale and there is also a
wound out here, this is like an abrasion here on the
right side of the chest. So there is two things of
interest here and here.
Image 37. We have switched over to
Mr. Michael Brown's left arm and what, so his head
is here, this is the left side of his body, this is
the left arm and left hand that is still bagged with
a brown paper bag. And there's an injury here on
left forearm as well as there is a tattoo right next
door.
So this close-up image of the left
forearm showing that injury that I just mentioned as
well as the identifying tatoo.
Q Just for the record, that was Image 38.
A Image 39. Only thing different is the
introduction of the ruler, still showing that injury
on left forearm as well as the identifying tattoo.
Now,
you are classifying this as an injury rather than an
wound, any significance to that?

A I'll do a little better with kind of
keeping things consistent once I get to one place,
but injury and a wound, they are similar. But
eventually when I get to the point I will be able to
break it down for you, like this is an abrasion,
this is a gunshot wound, and I will separate all of
those out for you guys so you won't be confused.
I'm just trying to get through them, I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) At this point you are
documenting any injuries, no matter how they
occurred?
A Or defects. They are all kind of the same
thing. There are things that is happening to the
body that he wasn't born with, so.
Q If he had an appendectomy scar --
A I would mention that.
Q With a heal injury, you would still
document that?
A I would mention that, yes.
Q So I think we just did that one, didn't
we? I probably handed it back to you. I thought
you would want it.
A Number 40. So this is still the left arm,
the bag has now been removed from the hand and

that's the main difference with this photo.
This is Image 41, this is still left
arm, the head is here, this is showing the dorsal,
or the back side of the hand after the bag has been
removed.
This is 42. Now, I'm flipping back
over to the other side of the body and this is going
to be his right hand and the bag has been removed
and here you can see an injury.
Q I think 43?
A Yes, 43. Image 43. This is the back side
of the right hand and this is the, you know, the
right forearm, right hand, this is after the bag has
been removed from the hand.
Image 44. This is just a closer view
of the injury to the right hand and this is the
ventral surface of the hand or the palmar surface of
the hand. And that's the particular part that we
are looking at.
This is a close-up of the ventral or
palmar surface of the hand. This is the right hand,
this is the thumb and this is the particular area of
interest, there is an injury.
Image 46. Only thing different here
is the introduction of a ruler. We are still

looking at the right hand looking at that surface
where this injury is.
This is 47. So in terms of getting a
different take on the hand and the injury, the hand
has been cleaned off at this point. So I have
removed some of that blood and material that was
stuck to the hand. So this is a cleaner image of
the hand after the bag has been removed and after it
has been kind of cleaned off and we are still
looking at the palmar surface or ventral surface or
front surface of the right hand.
Before
you washed the hand, you collect under his nails or
whatever it is he has gunpowder or skin?
A A good question. The question raised was,
before I am starting to wash or clean the hand, do I
do any type of forensics or other biological
evidence from the hands, and I do.
Once the bags are removed, they are
documented with pictures and in this particular
case, I did do scraping underneath the nails to get
material which is then submitted for analysis. And
I also took fingernail clippings from both hands,
which is submitted for evidence.
And the actual clipper that I

actually used to remove the finger nails, that is
also submitted as evidence. So all of those things
are done before the hand has been altered or washed.
And then at that point once I have taken the
fingernail clippings and the scrapings, then I go
ahead and wash the hands and then continue my
process.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So the clippers that you
used to clip the nails, those are one use clippers,
they are sterile, correct?
A Correct.
Q And then regarding, let's talk about that
injury to the right palm. We have seen in the
photograph that you have washed it off so you can
get a better look at the injury, correct?
A Correct.
Q Now, at some point you took, you cut a
piece of that wound out; is that right?
A That is correct.
Q But you haven't done that at this point?
A No, I have not.
Q What do you wash the wound with?
A Usually just water, warm water and a towel
or a rag, or sometimes they have like kind of like a
bristle type brush to be able to scrub off that

blood that is kind of stuck to the hand. It is
pretty resilient, sticks pretty good. So just using
water, warm water and scrubbing, that's how we
remove it.
Q No chemicals?
A No.
Q Nothing like that?
A No.
Q Okay.
Water from
the sink or?
A Water from the sink.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Okay. So now back to
the image that you last showed?
A We are at 48 now. So this is still the
right hand, the hand has been cleaned, it is just a
closer view of that injury to the palmar surface of
the right hand.
This is Image 49. So only thing
different, a ruler has been introduced for scale.
So this is Image 50 and now we are
back on the left side of the body. And this is the
left hand and that's that wound or injury I was
showing you guys earlier. I'm trying to focus on
the thumb here, there is a little abrasion there.

Q Now, let me ask you, let me put this back
up here. We see the position of the arm and the
wrist and the hand is bent.
A Uh-huh.
Q Is that being held in that position or is
that the way the body is fixed?
A Most likely some of it is me putting a
little bit of tension onto the hand to be able to
better see the particular injury that I'm looking
for, but at the same time there is also particular
ways that the body, it is called rigor mortis, the
body will be kind of fixed in a certain position.
So there is mixtures of kind of these two events
happening at the same time.
The natural fixation or rigor mortis
of the body, plus me putting tension on it to get a
better look at the injury that I'm trying to show in
this photograph.
Q Okay. So the next photo is?
A This is Image 51. So this is a close-up
of that left hand and it is just this little injury
right here. Technically it is an abrasion, this is
what I'm focusing on right here.
Q 51?
A This should be 52.

Q 52, I'm sorry.
A Image 52. Still showing that little
injury/abrasion there on the hand. And the only
difference is the introduction of the ruler for
scale.
This is 53. So we are still looking
at the left hand and I've, I'm starting to pull this
fifth finger or the pinky finger on the left hand,
I'm trying to expose a little area of discoloration
on that hand.
Showing you 54. So this is that
fifth finger, that pinky finger on the left hand and
this is this little area of discoloration, that's
all I'm focusing on in this photo.
Q Just so we know, did you determine was
that an injury, that little area of discoloration?
A No, I don't feel that it is.
Q Okay.
A This is 55.
Q It is getting tired.
A There it is. That's just that little area
of discoloration on the left hand right here by the
pinky finger. For anatomical purposes, this is the
dorsal surface of the finger, the posterior or back
side of the finger.

Image 56. So we're looking at
Mr. Michael Brown's head is here, we are looking at
the dorsal or the back side of the left hand and
there's an injury right here.
Q And for the record, or just so we go
through this, would you consider this an abrasion?
A Yes, I do.
Q Okay.
A As previously mentioned, this is just a
closer, I'm sorry, Image 57. This is a close-up
view of that previous abrasion here on the dorsal
aspect of the posterior of the back side of the left
wrist and there's an abrasion there.
Same image again of that abrasion on
the left wrist, back side posterior, just only thing
different is the introduction of a ruler.
Q And that's 58?
A Sorry.
Q That's okay. I'm trying to catch it when
I can.
A 59.
Q Okay. Now, let me stop you here. So at
this point you have documented all the injuries that
you can see and?
A There is still one that I can see right

now.
Q Okay.
A There is another one that I have to
expose.
Q Okay. But at this point now, you remove
the clothing?
A Yes.
Q All right. And is the clothing seized and
packaged by a police officer?
A Yes, the clothing is seized and packaged
as evidence to the officer.
Q Now, let me ask you this. At some point
is his clothing searched while he is in the morgue.
A Yes, it is.
Q And who does that?
A Usually the morgue attendant will search
the clothing.
Q Were you present when that was done?
A I do not remember.
Q Okay. And so if there was anything that
was inside the clothing or attached to the clothing,
that would have been removed by the morgue
attendant?
A That is correct.
Q And so who actually removed the clothing

from the body?
A
Q And is the clothing removed by cutting it
off?
A Urn, it depends, but in this situation it
was just removed normally as you and I would take
off our clothing. The only time the clothing is cut
is if it is too difficult to remove it, but in this
situation the clothing was not too difficult to
remove, so it was not cut.
Q Okay. And after the clothing is removed
and that's seized and packaged by someone else, any
items that were inside the clothing is taken care of
by someone else, do you then clean up the body?
A Yes, yes, I do.
Q And so this next image, which I can't
remember what number that is?
A We are on 59.
Q Okay. This is now the body after the
clothing is removed and the body has been cleaned of
excess blood and so forth, correct?
A It is the best possible attempt to do so.
Q Okay. Now, let me ask you this. I don't
know if I'm jumping back or forward here, but
initially in your examination, I don't know if you

do this with clothing on or without the clothing on,
but do you weigh the body?
A Yes, I do.
Q How much did he weigh? Do you have your
report there if you want to refer it?
A Specifically 289 pounds.
Q Is that without clothing or with clothing?
A That's with clothing.
Q And then do you also measure the height of
this person?
A Yes, we do.
Q And how tall was Michael Johnson?
A 77 inches.
Q And I'm not good at math, but is that
6 feet 5 inches?
A Yes.
Q I had to use a calculator before when I
did that, I'm a lawyer.
A Yes, it is.
"Q 6'5"". Were you told how old Michael Brown"
was or his date of birth?
A I was told how old he was.
Q And how old was he?
A 18.
Q Okay. And in examination of his body, do

you make any type of conclusion about does he appear
to be his stated age?
A Yes.
Q And developmentally?
A Yes, I do. That's the general approach.
I do make that reference one, there are some facial
injuries, but there is still enough to be able to
make that assessment.
Q Okay. Now, as we go forward with these
photos, the wounds that you already documented will
be photographed again and now we will go and
describe them.
A Okay.
Q And you document them in your report,
correct?
A Yes.
Q And so when you get a photograph, let's
say the name of the image, and then in your report
you have these injuries as number one, number two
and so forth. So let's refer to them like that. So
if you want to go along in the report, ladies and
gentlemen, if it makes it easier.
A I'm trying to see when I get, we're still
kind of going back through and looking at tattoos
and cleaning off stuff.

Q Okay.
A When I get there I'll do that.
Q All right.
A This is 59.
Q 59, and this is the first picture that
we've seen where his clothing is removed, correct?
A Correct. So here we have the head, there
is the feet, Mr. Michael Brown's clothing has been
removed. Once again we have that identifying
placard and this is his body without the clothing.
This is Image 60. We have the
identifying placard, this is Mr. Michael Brown, this
is looking at the right side of his body with his
clothing removed, feet are here, head is here, that
right arm is extended coming out at you.
This should be Image 61. This is
Mr. Michael Brown, clothing removed and then once
again the officer who is taking the photos, he has
ascended upon the stair step ladder to get an
overall view of Mr. Michael Brown without his
clothing.
Image 62. This is showing the lower
half of Mr. Michael Brown's body without the
clothing and here is the legs and the lower portion
of the abdomen.

This is Image 63. Looking at the
right side of the body and in here getting a better
visualization of one of those identifying tattoos on
the, kind of the upper portion of the right arm.
Q Now, just for clarification sake, what is
this thing right here?
A That's just a paper towel that is
sometimes used to remove blood or to get rid of
anything that's obscuring anything that I'm trying
to see.
This is Image 64. And this is just a
close-up of that tattoo, you know, with the blood
that was obscuring it removed from the upper right
arm.
This is Image 65. This is a better
image of the forearm with that identifying tattoo,
still see a wound here near the bicep and this is
the right arm and then that wound of the right hand.
This is 66. This is just a better
image of that identifying tattoo on the right
forearm, Big Mike.
This is 67. This is the left arm
now, the head is here, the feet would be out here,
this is the left arm and we are looking at the
forearm with the identifying tattoo and that injury

that you guys saw earlier.
This is 68. So this is the left
forearm with the identifying tattoo and then there
is this linear abrasion out here on the left
forearm. And this is the front part or ventral part
or anterior part of the forearm.
This would be 69. And with all cases
we have it is important to look at the back side of
the body as well as the front, and that involves the
external examination. So here Mr. Michael Brown's
body is being rolled by the autopsy technician
so we can document that there are no
injuries to the back side of the torso.
Q You did not find any injuries to the back
side of his torso?
A No, I did not.
Q How about the back side of his buttocks or
his legs?
A No, I did not.
Q Now, just for descriptive purposes, you
talk about front side and the back side or anterior,
posterior, ventral, dorsal, those are all
interchangeable terms?
A Yes.
Q When you are talking about your arms,

because your hands can move from one way or another
anatomically, would it be correct that in an
anatomical diagram the person would be standing
upright and their palms would be forward?
A That is correct.
Q So if you are describing an injury on the
palm, that would be a front injury to the front of
the hand, anterior, ventral?
A It is still ventral. The front would be
anterior, it could be ventral, all of those are
interchangeable terms or palmar, they are all the
same, all the same thing. Just depicts the front
portion of that body part in the standard anatomical
position. And when I document the injury, it is
always from this position. This is my reference
point. (indicating)
Q So when you're talking about, for example,
an injury to the forearm, your forearms move when
you turn your palms outward, correct?
A Correct.
Q So when you are talking about front or
anterior, you have to imagine that this is a person
whose palms is facing out. We might think this is
the inside of our arm, he doesn't describe it that
way. So for clarification, imagine that your arms

are in this position like he describes where the
wounds are on the arms, not so for the legs because
the legs just stay the way they are.
A The way they are, yeah.
Q Sorry.
A No, that's fine, excellent point.
I think I can start trying to
describe some of these.
Q So we're going to start with some wounds
now?
A This is Image 70. And the wound I will be
talking about first will be Number 9.
The next photo is going to be closer,
but just to kind of let you know, so this is Number
9 that we're looking at. Specifically I term this
is medial ventral right forearm.
So what that means is, I will stand
up so you guys can see. So the normal anatomical
position is like this. So when I'm saying medial,
medial is in reference to, you know, draw an
imaginary line down the middle of that particular
extremity, medial is to the inside, lateral is going
to be to the outside of that imaginary line.
Ventral, as we have already discussed
before, is talking about the front part of that

particular extremity or whatever we are looking at.
It is also synonymous with anterior, front or
whatnot.
When I say medial ventral, or right
forearm, so talking about something that is off the
midline inside, which makes it medial. Ventral
meaning it is on the front and depicting a
particular area which is the right forearm. So
that's the terminology. So, and we're talking about
this wound right here.
So this next image, which will be 71,
showing a close-up of wound Number 9.
So a lot of this is just jargon for
me to be able to say where it actually is on the
body in terms of reference points. So with all of
my gunshot injuries, I like to have two reference
points.
One of them is a fixed point, so in
this particular situation, I find something is going
to be the right elbow and I'm going to say how far
above or down it is to be able to specify, you know,
the upper dimension or the lower dimension, which is
kind of just your natural body axis.
So in this particular situation this
wound is 15 centimeters below this right elbow, and

then you want to be able to say where in the midline
that is and that lets me know medial or lateral.
So in this particular situation, this
particular wound is 5 centimeters to the left of the
anterior midline of the right forearm.
So when I say left, it is from my
left, not from you looking at me.
Q From the body's left?
A From the body's left. So this is the
right side of my body, since I'm going to the left,
I'm going over here, that's how it gets to where it
is supposed to be.
So from that point, what I want to do
after that is, I measure all of the wounds in terms
of dimensions to see how big it is. In this
particular situation it is about 2 centimeters wide
as it is long. So it is 20 millimeters by 20
millimeters or 2 centimeters by 2 centimeters,
whatever you want to use. It is the same changeable
amount.
Once you do that, you want to look at
the edges of the wound, meaning why that is
important, with exit wounds as well as entrance
wounds, there is particular identifying
characteristics that you can see on a case by case

basis. They are not always there, but there is
certain things that kind of give me inside track to
kind of figuring out what it is.
So in this particular situation when
I'm looking at the edge of this wound, it is more
irregular, it is kind of like, you know, someone
kind of took a bite out of it, it is not a nice
smooth circle or oval, it is more irregular. These
edges are kind of tattered and look different.
So I specify how that looks to me.
So in this particular situation I say that there's
irregular edges, the wound is irregular and it is
also clean, meaning that I don't see any type of
injury to the actual edge of the wound.
Exit wounds, classically, this is
kind of how they look. So once all of that is done,
I'm able to say at this point that this is an exit
wound.
So once I'm familiar with this as an
exit wound, eventually I'm going to want to try to
find out where the entrance wound is.
So we know where we are on the arm,
on the right arm, we are on the inside portion of
the arm and we are off medially of that midline. So
this is the exit wound of that right forearm.

Q Let me ask you, Dr. this
discoloration right here at about 10:00 on that
picture, what does that mean?
A That's just blood, dried blood.
Q Okay.
A When the blood coagulates, it darkens,
that is what a clotted piece of blood looks like
after it sits there too long, that is what that is.
Q In your report when you describe these
various wounds or injuries, you talk about there
being no stippling and no soot present?
A That is correct.
Q And you didn't find any stippling or soot
on this wound, but why don't you explain to them
what that is and what that means to you?
A All right. So the concepts of stippling
and soot. Stippling, so let's just take a step
back.
You have a bullet and it's fired out
of a gun, a bullet is made up of like a primer, it
is kind of the igniting substance that's within the
actual bullet. And when that hammer of that gun
strikes that primer, kind of combusts and kind of
explodes, for lack of a better word, and then lights
the gunpowder that's within the actual bullet. That

ends up being propelled and that's what allows the
bullet to come out of the barrel of the gun.
The concept with stippling is that
when that primer ignites that gunpowder, in theory
it all combust or burn, thus ultimately turning into
soot, but when it doesn't turn into soot, you still
have unburned particles that are real small, but due
to the fact that they are being projected or shot
out of that barrel of the gun, they are able to
injure the skin. And those injuries of the skin is
called stippling. So you will see little small
individual dots around a wound.
What is important about the stippling
is it helps you with the range of where that weapon
is fired from.
So just roughly it depends on gun to
gun, bullet to bullet, but roughly if you see
stippling, you can say that that gun was fired a
foot and a half to 3 feet to that particular part of
the body. So that's what stippling is good for.
Now soot is, what I just kind of
briefly mentioned, is when that primer kind of
combusts, then lights that gunpowder, that gunpowder
thus combusts and then it turns into soot, that's
going to come out of the gun as well. When that

comes out of the barrel of the gun that can be
deposited on the skin.
The concept of soot is when you see
soot on the body, you are looking at something
that's closer than a foot and a half. You start to
look and say that particular bullet was probably
fired within 6 to 9 inches, or 6 to 12 inches of the
actual body. So that's the importance of mentioning
do I see soot, do I see stippling, so I describe
what they are, and I describe what the importance of
them is.
So at the end of the day, it is
really helpful with range of where that particular
projectile was fired from the gun.
Q And in this case, you do describe in each
wound whether there was present stippling or soot,
but this being an exit wound Number 9, you wouldn't
expect to see any soot or stippling knowing it is an
exit wound, correct?
A Correct, wouldn't expect to see that, so
that's another thing to let you know that okay, this
is most likely an exit wound. We don't see those
features, you don't always have to see them. That
is something that kind of puts you in that category
we are not dealing with a close wound.

Is there
any question ever at this particular point in the
examination that those wounds were caused by a
bullet or anything else?
A Urn, for me for the amount that I've seen,
I've seen enough that I myself know that it was a
projectile, yeah.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) You will describe in a
minute the corresponding entrance wound, but
sometimes it is probably just a layman's term, we
call that a through and through where a projectile
passes entirely through the body. Is that something
you've seen in gunshot wounds?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And knife wounds would look
different to you, correct?
A Yes, that is correct.
Q All right. So now have you described
everything?
A Yes, so we've described all of the
important features for this particular wound. I'm
convinced that this is an exit wound, so I know that
there is an entrance wound somewhere else on the
body, so that's my next step eventually when I get
there.

This is 72. This is just showing
that same wound of the medial ventral right forearm,
like the ruler has just introduced into this picture
just for scale.
I apologize, these things are hopping
all over the place when we take pictures, we just
kind of take and keep going. We will get it
altogether.
Q For the sake of going through this and
we've already discussed it, we are going to show
every photograph and they are numbered.
A Okay.
Q So these numbers don't necessarily depict
the numbers that you are photographing, or
describing, so obviously we started with Wound
Number 9. So I apologize, it might get kind of like
a puzzle.
A If you have something you want to talk
about, just write it down and we can pull it back
out and talk about that, I have no problem.
All right. Number 73. So we're
looking just to give you reference before I find the
right number on our sheet, this is his right arm we
are looking at this wound here, there is a right arm
pit. And that one is actually, this should be

Number 7.
Q Seven or Six?
MS. WHIRLEY: Is that an exit wound?
A This is Number 7.
MS. ALIZADEH: Okay.
MS. WHIRLEY: And that's an exit wound?
A Yes, I'm about to describe it. So we're
looking at Number 7. So the particular location is
the upper dorsal right arm.
So what we are talking about is,
remember I was telling you about the forearm is
going to be from the wrist to the elbow, the upper
arm is going to be from the elbow to the shoulder.
So upper arm, that's where we are at. And then when
I say dorsal, and dorsal means the back part.
So we are looking, you know,
anatomically speaking, if you turn around like this,
if you look back here, this is kind of where this
wound is. It is here. So that's the dorsal part of
the upper part of the right arm. And then that's
where we are at right now in terms of position.
Now, once you look at it, what is
important is now I go through that same type of
algorithm that I had before. You want to look at
the contour of it, so this one is a little more

stretched out, more linear as opposed to that other
wound, which is a little more irregular. Not really
a big deal, but you still want to take the same type
of approach in describing what you see.
So this particular one, that's kind
of the shape and it's length is 18 millimeters by 10
milliliters. In terms of location, I do that again,
two fixed points. When I say how far it is from the
shoulder and say where it is from the midline, I've
done that.
Then you want to assess the edges,
meaning assessing the edges is determining how they
appear to you because that is going to be important
to determine whether it is entrance or exit.
In this particular situation, they
are a little bit irregular, but there is no type of
additional margin around it, it is still a clean
wound.
So when I say clean, there is no
contusion, there is no abrasion around it, it is
just coming, coming right back out the skin, making
really no abnormalities to it.
So with me seeing that, this once
again let's me know that this is another exit wound,
but on a different part of the body. I know that I

have an entrance wound someplace else. So this
would be Number 7 where it is located. Do I have
any questions about that?
So what explains
the elongated hole rather than a round hole?
A A lot of times it is the actual tissue of
where it is. So if you have an area where there is
more fat on the arm, this particular area you can
get a more elongated wound.
You have different types of soft
tissue make up there. So depending on where you get
hit, you are going to see different types of
orientation of the wound or contours of the wound.
So that is kind of a more fatty area of the body, so
it is going to stretch out a little bit more as
opposed to a place that's tighter, where the skin is
tighter, you are likely going to see a different
type of wound and more irregular.
If you feel your forearm yourself and
you kind of tense it up, your forearm is lot tighter
as oppose to the back side of your arm.
This is Image 74. And this is the
same exit wound and we're looking, only difference
is we just introduced the ruler for scale.
This is Image 75. So we're looking

at Wound Number 11 on the autopsy report. We are
looking at the ventral surface of the right thumb,
or near the ventral surface of the right thumb. So
anatomical position like this. So we are looking at
the front part, anterior part of the ventral part of
the hand. We are looking at the right hand is where
we are at right now.
This is 76. There is a lot going on
here and I will just try to do it step by step.
Wound number, so this is 76, Wound Number 11. So we
are looking at the ventral surface of the right
thumb.
So in terms of describing this one,
this wound has looked a little bit different than
the two that I just kind of showed you guys earlier.
This one is more elongated, meaning it is more
stretched out as opposed to being like a circle.
When you look at it, what is
important to realize is appreciating the elongating
nature and then two, there's these little tags that
you see, kind of like little sharks teeth. These
tags are ultimately going to be important for
determining the direction that you can say the
bullet is coming out of the gun and how it struck
his hand, but I will get to that part after I kind

of describe it.
The fact that I'm looking at this
kind of elongated wound, I'm seeing this kind of
shark teeth, call them skin tags. I know that this
is like a graze wound or a tangential wound.
Tangential just means that it is going parallel to
the surface of whatever it is striking.
So in this particular situation, got
that, and then you want to measure it, which we've
done. And the measurement is just five centimeters
by two centimeters, and it is orientating kind of a
12 o'clock to 6 o'clock fashion. It is 12 o'clock
to 6 o'clock based off the anatomical position. So
we are kind of going from down, or down to up or
however you want to do it, it is no big deal.
All right. What is important about
these skin tags is how it lets you know what
particular way the bullet is coming from. The skin
tags point towards where the gun, the barrel of the
gun is.
I'll come up here and show you. If
the gun, the barrel of the gun is pointed this way,
this is the way that the bullet is going to be
traveling. These skin tags point back towards the
barrel of the gun. You can't refute it. It is what

it is. These tags are pointing back this way. They
are pointing towards this.
So I know for a fact that the bullet
is coming this way. It is going like that.
(indicating)
Now, in terms of the anatomical
position of the body, in order to keep both
reference points the same, I'm still like this. So
the reason that my trajectory is up is because it is
just going up based on what the body is going
towards the head because I'm like this.
In real life did it go up? Can't
really say that, but just having the anatomical
position of how I have to stay static so that I can
have a reference point every time that I can discuss
these, you have got to keep yourself like this and
my direction of upward is purely based off of being
like this. I want you to make sure that you
understand that.
So what I know at this point is I
have a tangential wound, I know which way it is
going, I know which way it is coming from.
Now other things that are important
at this point with this wound, I can see it better
on here. It is better to see the discoloration that

you have. You can kind of see, it is kind of dark
here, kind of black, but here is it is a lot darker.
Can I show?
If you look at the hand, and I will
kind of walk around. If you see that material in
there, you can't really appreciate it too well on
the screen, but that's something where we are
talking about soot and talking about stippling, this
is where this is coming into play. This isn't
stippling, the stippling, I told you, is unburned
particles that cause the little dots on the skin.
This is soot, which is the burned gunpowder that's
coming out of the barrel of the gun and it is being
deposited on the skin discoloring it and leaving it
there. So there is soot there on the hand.
MS. WHIRLEY: So what does soot look like?
So that means that it was
a close range to the gun? This entered his body or
grazed his body at a closer range to the gun than it
would be if it was stippling or nothing at all?
A Correct.
MS. WHIRLEY: What does soot look like?
A Soot looks like, like you get charcoal and
kind of the stuff that you have left over that is
just black matter. That's what, it is just

particle. So it is an organic particle left over.
It is going to leave a smearing or something on the
hand.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Kathi Alizadeh. Dr.
you did examine a piece of that tissue
from that wound under the microscope; is that
correct?
A Yes, I did.
Q I mean, we can go ahead and talk about
that now since we are talking about this wound.
A Can I make sure they all see good, so then
I will talk about that.
So front
of the body facing this way, it can also that it
entered, can it be entered this way too?
A Well, just how you did it, it has to be
like that. If you are sitting there, I have to be
above like that for it to come. That's the only way
it can come, it can't come any other way, or if you
are like this or you are like that or you are like
this. There's lots of different ways regardless, it
has to be coming at you that way, you can't get it
coming this way.
Okay.
A It has to come from this way, this way,

something like that.
What
again is the maximum distance you would expect to
see soot?
A Soot, it depends, it is a gun by gun
basis. It is a primer, gunpowder thing, but about 6
to 9 inches roughly where the discharge of that
material would be left on the body.
Is there a middle
distance, like if his hand was on the end of the
barrel, would you still see the soot, so it is up to
that 6 to 9 inches?
A You would still get some discharge of
material if his hand was there, but the problem with
that is, so when you say hand, you mean like?
He was reaching out
struggling for the gun?
A You are like that, the wound is going to
look different. Now we are dealing with a contact
wound. If you are talking about actually physically
holding something, that's something extra and
different.
And for myself, let me take a step
back about the soot and stippling. Stippling, when
I see it, that lets me know that I'm dealing with an

intermedia type of wound, meaning that it is like
maybe like a foot and a half to 3 feet away. Then I
have indeterminate wounds where I don't see
stippling, don't see soot, I do know it's an
entrance wound, so there is nothing extra on the
wound to let me know about closeness. So in that
situation, those are called indeterminate. They are
probably 3 feet or further away, that's all I can
say.
Soot, like we just discussed, we're
talking about 6 to 9 inches. Contact wound, if it
is a contact wound, so we are talking about we are
up close and personal to whatever it is.
So with that you are going to see
different type of characteristics on the scene, you
are going to see more searing or burning of that
skin because there is hot particles and gas escaping
from that weapon that are going to cause alterations
of that skin surface.
And when you actually examine the
wound, you may see that soot type material deposited
deep into the tissue or be black and deeper on the
inside than the outside, or you may see a muzzle
imprint. A muzzle imprint is where the end of the
gun actually is so close to the skin surface or body

surface where it leaves the end part of that barrel
imprint on the hand. So those are some of the
things you look for a contact wound.
So closest thing you've got of a
contact wound, next is a close range wound with the
stippling, I'm sorry, soot. And then intermediate
is where we are dealing with stippling, and then the
last thing is indeterminate, too far away, you can't
determine. That's kind of my range of wounds and
what the actual terms of contact, close,
intermediate and indeterminate mean.
This is
telling us that it was a closer range and that the
hand was open, not around --
A All I can say it is a close range wound.
For him to get that, he is within 6 to 9 inches of
however scenario you want to create in your head,
that's all that that means.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And you also know the
angle that the bullet traveled across the skin?
A Yes, we know that too.
Q And the direction?
A We do know the direction.
Q Okay.
A So the next thing is, is there another way

for me to determine that it is soot.
So as I said before, when I'm doing
an autopsy, part of a complete autopsy examination
is sometimes you have histology. Histology is the
preparation of tissues that you take from the body,
you process through some dehydration steps, alcohol
step, you eventually put it into a block of paraffin
wax. Where you then take microtone, which is just a
blade and cut off a very thin silver of that tissue,
put it on a glass slide and then using different
type of dyes, pink dye, a blue dye, you are able to
stain it. And then I get a slide back and then I
put that under my microscope and then I can see the
histology. That's just the study of tissues under a
microscope.
In this situation I took some small
pieces of skin from those areas of discoloration and
I did histology on them. I got those back, and I
looked under there, under the microscope. And when
I can see in my actual skin sample is, I see foreign
particles of matter, and what that means is, there
is some of them are pigmented, some of them have
different colors, but there is material there that
he wasn't born with that had to be introduced into
his skin as foreign material. I know that much.

So I'll let you hop in if you want
to.
Q No, I think you covered that well. I'm
not a doctor, but I play one on TV.
A So at that point that's all I can truly
say that this is what I have, it is foreign
particulate matter that had to be introduced into
his skin.
Now the next step is well, okay,
where did it come from.
I can at this point say from what
I've seen from textbooks that I have looked in
histology and from what I have seen in the past, the
material that I'm seeing is consistent with products
that are discharged from the barrel of a firearm.
So that's why I can look at that
picture on my eye, it looked concerning for some
type of extracorporeal, meaning something that is
coming from outside of the body. Some extra matter
that I wanted to figure out what it was.
It is not something that he woke up
in the morning with or something like that, but
taking those samples with my pictures as well as
looking at the histology, was consistent with
products that are discharged from the barrel of a

firearm.
And lots of products come out of a
firearm. You have primer material, you have metal
fragments, gunpowder, soot, you get all kind of
things. There is mixture of things that are in
there, that are foreign. That's why I say it is
consistent with products discharged from the barrel
of a firearm, does that make sense?
So did everybody get, I didn't get to
specifically say the areas I'm concerned about, you
can see the dark.
I have one question,
So that wound, the hand wound, so
basically the projectile, there was no exit wound?
A Exactly, it is just running along the skin
surface. It is a graze wound.
It is a graze wound?
A Just running along the skin.
MS. ALIZADEH: , are you Juror
I'm sorry,
MS. ALIZADEH: He wanted to be promoted.
A We are on 77. The only thing different,
we are just introducing the ruler for scale.
This is going to be Wound Number 10

that I'm going to talk about next. And specifically
the region on the body is, it is the right bicep,
which is here, the bicep is just the muscle that is
in between your elbow and attached to your muscle
here, the deltoid, which is your shoulder muscle,
that's the area that we are talking about. We are
talking about this wound right there.
In particular this one too is similar
to the other one that I just described, this is also
a graze wound or a tangential wound, meaning that it
is just running along the surface of the skin.
Now, what is different about this one
is, this is going to be Image 79. So I'll just
describe it first and then we will get to the
differences between the two.
So this one is located 6 centimeters
above the level of the right elbow, so it is a flat
fixed point, so it is up above the elbow and then it
is just to the left of the anterior midline. So it
is more kind of medial than anything. It is going
close to here as you saw in the picture.
So the wound is measuring 3
centimeters by 1 centimeters. In terms of how it is
positioned, it is kind of going, you know, I guess
you say this is 9 o'clock. So the face of the clock

is here, this would be 12, this would be 6, so it is
going 9 to 3. So it is going in kind of a
horizontal fashion.
Now, this one, what's different is,
the other one had nice skin tags, we could determine
the directionality of the wound because it went deep
enough and it also hit a part of the body where the
skin on your hand is pretty tight. So it is more
resilient to being disrupted. So it is going to
pick up more changes of damage.
With this particular situation, you
don't see any of those skin tags and what you do see
is a drying or an area of discoloration here on the
outside of this particular wound.
And when I palpated it, meaning
touched it with my fingers, this wound was very hard
and was very firm.
So in this situation, this is not
soot, this is not any gunpowder, this is just the
drying of the edge of the wound where some blood
starts to leak out around the edges and interactions
with air and interaction with clotting, it turns
dark.
So this is just discoloration from
dry blood, this is not soot or anything like that.

So in terms of determining distance on this one, I
can't. In terms of trying to determine
directionality, I cannot. This is something that
came from greater that 3 feet away. I don't have
any characteristic things of stippling or soot or
searing or muzzle imprint to determine how close it
is. So this thing is farther than 3 feet. I don't
know exactly even which way it is coming, but I do
on, you know, you do mention the directionality of
it, the three, I can't even say. There is nothing
to let me know which way it is coming from. So
that's that wound and that is how it is different
from the hand wound, but it is still a gunshot wound
nonetheless, but a different type.
Questions about that one?
Number 80. This same image, still
the right bicep, still that tangential graze wound.
This one, just a second, let me get
my bearings.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Can I stop you for a
second? I'm not peeking, but I don't know if you
need to take a break to return the call?
A Yeah.
MS. ALIZADEH: We'll take a quick five
minute break. We are going off the record.

(Recess)
A This is 81.
MS. ALIZADEH: Okay, hang on, are you
ready? We just took a brief break and the witness
is still testifying, you are still under oath, Dr.
all 12 grand jurors are present as well as
Miss Whirley, myself and the court reporter. Please
continue.
A So this is Image 81. On your paper, on
the report where I have Wound Number 6, the I
specific area of this injury is the upper ventral
right arm. So what I'm talking about here is
roughly, you know, kind of here in the area of the
bicep.
You have a gunshot wound here, so it
is the upper part, meaning in between the elbow and
the shoulder. The right arm, and then dealing with
the ventral portion, which is the front part of the
arm. So that's where this wound is.
And as I said before, I go through
the same process of documenting the size and the
actual location on the body were two fixed points.
So this one is 20 centimeters below the level of the
right and 1 centimeter to the right of the anterior
midline of the upper arm. This particular wound

measured about 10 millimeters by 10 millimeters, or
1 centimeter by 1 centimeter.
Now, what is different about this one
and what I was showing you guys before is, I showed
you one wound that was more irregular, some tissue
was kind of coming out, there was a little piece of
clotty blood, it was more elongated, it had clean
exits. This one is more oval in shape.
And what I can see here on the
picture, which is demonstrated a lot better than
here, but the difference between this one, first
thing is oval in shape. You can make right here a
little bit of pink tissue right here. You can make
an argument is that an abrasion. A definition of an
abrasion is just the superficial layers of your skin
are rubbed off and it exposes the pink of the white
meat of your hand and that's what an abrasion is.
So when these bullets come in, they
don't always go straight in, they can come in at
different angles. So when it comes in and it starts
to rub that tissue off, that's what an abrasion ring
or an abrade is on a gunshot.
If you see that, that's kind of
indicative of an entrance wound. So in this
particular situation you can make an argument is it

there or not. I said it wasn't really definitive,
but you can see a little bit there. But around it,
it is kind of like a little bit of a reddish hue and
that's kind of like a contusion ring.
So there is an injury to the skin
from the outside going in. And so this part, when
you see that, these kind of features together this
lets me know this is an entrance wound.
And then the flip side of the exit
wound, the exit wound just pretty much it will stay
the same color, brown color of the skin, you can see
a little bit of purple around it, you can see a
little bit of pink, but it is pretty much just the
wound. That's the difference between the two and
those are the little small differences that you are
trying to look for to be able to appreciate when you
are trying to separate out an entrance wound from an
exit wound. So that being said, this is an entrance
wound.
Now at this point, what I do now is
that, take a step back.
With cases I can also do x-rays with
gunshot wound cases where people are dying from
wounds or gunshot wounds. You want to be able to
x-ray the body to be able to one, determine where

there are projectiles, to also see any type of
injures that may have fragmented the bullet, or to
be able to help with the path of the bullet. Main
thing is to see you still have evidence in the body.
So the whole body in this case has to
be x-rayed from head to toe. So this particular
part of the arm that we're looking at has been
x-rayed. So when you look here at what I'm talking
about. Eventually I say, x-ray showed bullet
fragments associated with that wound, that's what
that means.
So in terms of also looking at range
in this case, I said that there is no stippling
identified, there is no soot identified. So that
lets you know that we're dealing with another one of
these wounds that is at least 3 feet away or
greater. I don't know, I can't tell. I just can't
assess it because I don't have those distortional
changes of soot, gunpowder or stippling. They are
just not there, that's that part.
Now, once that's done, you want to be
able to say, okay, I've got the entrance wound now,
I should have an exit. So this story now completes
that exit wound that was up here by the, kind of the
fat up in the armpit, that this entrance wound is

related to that exit wound. So once I know these
two are related, now I have determined the path and
the path is based off of what I told you all before
is off of the anatomical position of the body.
Now I know I have the in, got the
out, then I can say what is trajectory of the body.
So in this particular situation this
bullet is going slightly upward, instead of
backward, and it is going up, meaning that where it
comes out at is a little higher than where it comes
in at. That's the upward, upward talking from the
feet to the head like this. So it is coming out a
little bit higher than where it came in at, that's
upward.
Backward means this is the front part
of the body, this is back part of the body. So if
it is coming in here, going out there, you know it
is going front to back, so it is backwards.
In terms of the actual left to right,
it is coming back a little bit this way on the body.
So it is coming to my left and coming that way. So
that's the trajectory of this bullet. A little up,
a little to the left and it is going backwards
that's the trajectory. It is based off of like this
not, you know, jumping around, it is just like this.

Now, once that's done, you need to
say the actual path in terms of the layers of the
skin, soft tissue, everything in between you want to
say what will it track through. So in this
particular situation, underneath the arm of the
skin, it went through soft tissue and then it came
out of the skin on the back side on the right arm.
So that's the actual path going
through the body that it went. So soft tissue, so
skin outside, soft tissue is everything like muscle,
fibrous tissue, all of that stuff that is on the
inside of your arm that is not bone, even blood
vessels always needs to be considered soft tissue.
So it went through there and came
back out the skin, so it did not hit the bone. Hit
everything else in between there except the bone.
So that is what I mean by going skin, soft tissue,
exit wound skin.
So now we have one of those tracks
kind of together. So we have the in and we have got
the out, and that is what is going on right here.
Questions?
I have a
question. So given the elevation of the entrance
wound to the vehicle, does that tell you anything

about the elevation of the weapon used? The injury
and exit describe the upper going through the back,
I assume it does not necessarily give you any idea
where the elevation of that weapon was?
A Exactly. You have to think about it an
arm, this arm can be in so many different type of
ways. It is very difficult to be able to say
exactly what elevation you are dealing with, that's
why the arm is very difficult.
The fact that you've got you have an
elbow joint, you have a shoulder joint and then the
wrist, you have a lot of mobility within that arm
and it can be in a lot of different scenarios. It
is very tough and even impossible for me to say.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And, Dr. not
necessarily with this wound, but have you found in
your experiences that often with projectiles that
enter and pass through the body, it is not always
necessarily a straight path, depending on if they
hit bone or if they pass through other types of
tissue, you can't necessarily say if it went
straight through, that that was the angle that the
bullet entered from and so forth?
A And that's correct. You have to be
cognizant of that fact that there are things that it

is hitting and going through that can alter the
flight or trajectory of that bullet.
This is 82. Same wound, only
difference is there is a ruler for scale.
This will be 83. We are looking at
Number 8. Should be the dorsal right forearm. When
I'm saying dorsal, anatomical position. This is the
front of the forearm, and the forearm is between the
wrist and the elbow. This is the front, dorsal is
the back. So we are dealing with a wound here on
the back side of the right forearm, and that's right
here.
And I've already talked about its
associated exit wound which is here on the ventral
part of the forearm, which is medial. Here is the
entrance and here is the exit, I'm going to talk
about the entrance now.
So we are at Image 84. This is just
a close-up view of this gunshot wound here on the
dorsal part of the right forearm.
So doing same thing again, always
want to measure from a fixed point as well as
imaginary line, it separates left to right, which is
the medial from the lateral.
So in this particular situation, it

is 16 centimeters below level of right elbow and 2.0
centimeters of the posterior midline of right
forearm.
The hole itself was 11 centimeters by
10 centimeters. So it is very similar in size to
that last exit wound that I showed you that was part
of the ventral arm.
Looking at these edges, which is
important to do every time. These look, the shape
is kind of oval, but what you can start to see now,
if you look at this little edge, there is a little
bit of a rim of kind of red tissue right here to the
outside, a little bit brown. This is kind of a good
classical abrasion margin. So the abrasion margin
is the thing I talked about before, kind of almost
definitive, it lets you know this is an entrance
wound, in the right situations.
There is some other situations where
you can see this, but it is not an entrance. I'm
not going to confuse you with all of that right now.
But this has the classical features
of kind of being round to oval, having a nice
abrasion collar right there on the outside, that's
kind of critical and that's key.
So when I see that, without getting a

probe, I also probe the wound with just kind of a
little flexible rod to make sure my entrances and
exits they are communicating together as they pass
through the skin.
Sometimes the rod won't pass through
and I may have to open up the arm or whatever to see
the actual wound track just to verify. Most times
they will communicate and I probe these wounds to
make sure that they are connected so they are not
just a hole here and here. I'm just assuming they
are together. I make sure I probe them, I make sure
they are in communication whichever. This is the
entrance wound here on the right dorsal forearm.
So once that's being said, this
particular body part, and in this situation when it
is being x-rayed, there is little small metallic
fragments that are showing up on an x-ray. And most
likely these metallic fragments are fragmented
bullet and the reason that it's fragmented is, is
when this passes through the arm, it hits a bone in
the forearm.
You have two bones in your forearm,
you have the radius and you have an ulnar. Your
ulnar, if you feel your arm, you kind of feel the
bone that is on the medial part of your arm, that's

your ulnar. The other part of the forearm out here,
that's your radius. So it kind of makes sense that
this exit wound that came out of that medial part of
the ventral forearm, that it hit that bone.
So when it came from out here, kind
of where it is. When it passes through, went
through those soft tissues, it hits that ulnar bone,
shattered it and then that bullet came out.
So going back to your question, why
do exit wounds look different and look odd? So if
you have a projectile that has now lost its normal
shape and it is fragmented when it comes out of that
skin, it is going to have a different shape as
opposed to something that stayed intact.
So that could be an additional reason
for why you may see something elongated, some more
irregular, you have to take into account the fact of
what that bullet's actually doing when it strikes
objects within an actual body. And a bone is a hard
substance and it can be deflected some, so the
actual trajectory is going to be, is going to be
slightly upward, forward and left.
So once again, it is going, this one
in this situation is because the entrance wound is
on the back side of the body, which the trajectory

is now forward because I'm like this, but it is
coming from the back and going to the front, so that
is why it is forward. That makes sense it is just
purely based off of this position, not like this or
anything like that, just like this. So it is coming
back to front, and so that's the forward part.
And in terms of the actual things
that it hit, I have actually kind of said it a
little bit, it is going through the skin, soft
tissue, hitting that right ulnar and hitting the
soft tissue again and coming out of the skin, an
exit wound. So now we have another communication of
a wound path.
So we have entrance and exit right
here on the back and the dorsal part to the ventral
part, and we just talked about the one that's coming
in here on the ventral part of the upper arm and
coming out of the dorsal part of the arm, so got
that both taken care of.
Image 85. Same wounds, just
introducing the ruler for scale.
Q Just so we are clear too, right here, is
that an injury or just dried blood?
A That's just dried blood.
Q Okay.

A A new wound here, 86. We are at Number
4, the right front chest. We are specifically
talking about this wound right here.
Just to describe the image, you have
Mr. Michael Brown's feet here, his head here,
instead of laying on his back you can see another
wound here and this is one of interest. You can see
the entrance to the right side of his face.
This should be 87. So this is a
gunshot entrance wound to the upper right chest.
And as usual, I always do two fixed points to
determine where he's at on the body. So in this
particular situation it is 16 centimeters below the
level of the hole of your ear going down this way,
and then it is to the right of the imaginary midline
of the chest, so kind of right there.
In terms of the actual dimensions of
the actual wounds, it is 15 centimeters, 15
millimeters by 10 millimeters. It is oval in shape,
meaning it is pretty round.
Now the edges, I always assess those
to determine entrance or exit. When you look at
this one, you can see a little bit on the edge,
there is a little bit of a defect there, right there
on the side, so that's the abrasion once again.

Just letting you know that this is an entrance
wound. This one, I just want to show, just show
them real quick, this is kind of hard.
MS. ALIZADEH: Sure.
A See that area right there on the edge?
That's the abrasion that I'm talking about.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) You know when you are
talking to them, keep your voice up because he has
to take down what is being said, okay?
A I'm sorry. So this little area on the
side of the skin, that's the abrasion, right, that
I'm talking about, the abrasion collar.
So we have an abrasion collar.
MS. ALIZADEH: Is this the same picture?
A It is this the same one.
MS. ALIZADEH: I think you flipped it. Is
this the orientation that we did before? Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
A Yeah, okay.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) It confuses me.
A Sorry. So his head is here, feet would be
here, this is his neck right there.
Okay. So we've dealt with the fact
that we are looking at the abrasion collar or the
abrasion ring, so that is letting me know that this

is most likely an entrance wound. At that point you
want to be able to look for any additional injuries
that need help with range.
So there is no soot, meaning kind of
that discoloration that you see around wounds and
there is to no stippling, that would be those little
small dots that you see around a wound, you don't
have that.
So once again, I'm looking at a wound
where there is an indeterminate distance, is the
body greater than 3 feet away. So that is all I can
say.
Once I know that, I move to the next
part saying what's the, you know, looking at my
x-rays to see if there is any fragmented bullets,
any projectiles I need to get for evidence, that's
the next point.
So in this particular situation, when
I did the x-rays, there actually was a bullet
associated with this wound that I knew that I had to
get on the inside of the body that I end up doing
when I do my internal examination.
So like when I told you all at the
beginning when I said external and then internal, so
when I take all the organs out and looking at all

the damages that happens to the organs, at that
point I start looking for that bullet.
So before anything even happens when
I look at the x-rays before the case starts, I know
I have a bullet there okay.
Q If we can, go ahead and describe, I know,
you know, they all know that you opened up the body
and assess the injury to the various organs. Can
you go ahead and talk about that in relation to this
wound generally and then there will be later
photographs and discussions about that?
A All right. So when this one passed
through, went through the skin and hit the collar
bone right there and then went through, hit the
upper portion of the right lung and then it went in
between, so your rib cage, you have to think of it
like a bare front part. Your ribs wrap all the way
back to your spine. So when it passed through, your
body is three dimensional looking from the side, it
comes in here, passed through that skin, soft
tissuing, hitting that collar bone right there,
hitting the upper portion of the lung and then
burying itself in between the intercostal space of
the third rib.
So intercostal means, so you have 12

ribs total. Think of that as a ladder. So you have
rib one, you've got rib two. In between rib one and
rib two that's called the intercostal space. That
is just the spot in between two ribs. So in between
ribs three and four, that's where I got the bullet
from this particular wound.
So when this bullet went through the
lung, it damaged the lung and created a defect. I
think the defect is 2 centimeters in dimension. And
then at the same time there was blood present within
the thoracic cavity. The thoracic cavity are the
chambers, you have two on both sides of your chest
cavity. You've got a left side, you've got a right
side.
So within that right side,
400 millimeters worth of blood, which is a decent
amount filled up within that side of his body. So
those are all the main kind of injuries associated
with the path of this bullet going through, hitting
that bone, hitting that lung and then burying itself
in the back part of the thoracic cap area.
MS. WHIRLEY: Sheila Whirley. With that
wound, would he have been able to survive that
wound?
A Eventually, it would have, it would need

surgical attention. If it is not addressed, it
could have been a lethal wound.
MS. WHIRLEY: But it was not the fatal
wound in this case?
A No, it is not. Not the immediately.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Could someone who have
sustained this type of injury, would they be
immediately disabled?
A No, they would not.
Q So they could continue to stand?
A Correct.
Q They could be mobile for a while?
A Correct.
Q Okay.
The trajectory
entered here is that it hit the collar bone, did the
collar bone deflect it downward, you think, the path
of the bullet?
A It is possible, but it is hard to tell
exactly what role that is going to play with the
bullet. It is a wild card. You know, if it wasn't
there, it went straight through the body, came out
the back we all know, but the main thing you can say
about it is, it is going to slow it down. It did
fragment the bullet, it kind of broke it up a little

bit and it is going to slow it down, but that is
about all you can really say. It is kind of an
intermediate thing in between where it stops.
You can't say it is a
downward shot, it could have been a straight edge
shot?
A It could be straight or down.
Okay.
A You have to think about your head too,
your head is on a pivot, so pivot, you know, like
that. And say something is passing through it is
possible it could do that or it could be a straight
on shot.
That's the variability that you have
with wounds when you are dealing with something
close to a joint or something, close where something
can pivot around because you can get an exit from
something from someplace else and reenter another
place in the body. And that's what makes it
difficult when you weren't actually there.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So I'm not saying this
is true in this case, but you are saying you can
have a bullet that would pass through someone's arm,
so you have an entrance wound and exit wound of the
upper arm, for example. And then the bullet can

then reenter the chest cavity?
A That is correct.
Q And do you have any way to know whether
that was the case in any of these wounds?
A No, I do not.
It was mentioned
earlier, do you have any indication that the grazing
from the hand could have been one of the chest
entered wounds?
A It is possible if your hand is in the
right way for that to happen, it is possible. But
all I can say about that wound is that, I have an
idea of range and I have an idea of directionality,
but that's really all that I can I definitely
know from my examination, but after it left there,
there is a lot of possibilities.
This is 88. And the only difference
with this one is the introduction of the ruler.
A new wound here. This is going to
be Number 5, lateral right chest. So as always,
this is a gunshot entrance wound, it is located
20 centimeters below the level of the right auditory
meatus and then it is to the right of this imaginary
midline of the chest. That is how you know where it
is located.

In terms of the size, it is
12 millimeters by 12 millimeters, and this one kind
of has a little kind of a teardrop or somewhat of a
oval type shape to it.
There is a very small abrasion ring
around it and that is just that defect that you see
associated with wounds and when bullets pass through
the skin, it rubs off that little area as it is
entering. So that is kind of letting me know that
this is an entrance wound.
As I always do, want to try to help
yourself with range if you can. So I look for soot
and I look for stippling. There isn't any on this
wound, so now I'm dealing with another wound that is
most likely greater than 3 feet away. I don't know
how close, it is an indeterminate distance.
Sox-rays are done, so there is a
bullet associated with this wound as well. And it
is further down in the body and I recovered it from
the lateral part, which is kind of out here, of the
right back. So it is kind of coming up here, but I
end up getting the bullet out around down here, just
so you know.
So that kind of lets you know there
is a downward trajectory with this particular wound

that is based off of this position. So it is coming
in here and getting here, you already know it is
going down.
MS. ALIZADEH: has a
question, Doctor.
I notice on both of these
that there is other like bruising and other stuff?
A What are you referring to?
The other picture, just
the last wound that we saw.
MS. ALIZADEH: You want to point with
this?
A This picture.
Both of them around the
wound. All of this stuff around here, is that
normal, is that bruising?
A Are you talking, like this?
Yeah
A That is just kind of smeared blood.
I know it was worse on the
last one.
A That is not bruising. So bruising, the
technical means contusion. So bruising, contusion
these are kind of synonymous words.
The difference between that, and this

is just kind of being an artifactual thing, this is
something on the outside of the skin, it is on the
surface. A contusion or a bruise, that's blood
underneath the skin surface. So it is like, you
know, someone punches you, kind of turns blue, green
whatever over time, you have blood underneath your
skin that is going through the process of changing
colors.
So in this situation, this stuff
that's here, this is just some artifact and just
kind of cleaning off the wound and it is blood that
kind of transfers from here out to the skin so that
is not a contusion.
Okay. Now, so we got the trajectory,
you know, in turn, what did this pass through. It
went through the skin, it went through the soft
tissue, and as it is going down, you have got to
once to think about your rib cage, kind of like a
barrel.
When it goes down through that skin,
you have ribs kind of jetting out there, it kept
going down and that rib, that eighth rib, you have
12, it is kind of sticking out and the bullet hit
that. It fractured that rib and it kind of bounced
off a little bit and just stayed in the soft tissue.

The problem with that injury is, when
that rib fractured, it fractured to the inside and
the lung, the bottom portion of the right lung he
had got punctured because of the breaking of the
bone.
So there is an additional injury to
the lung further down. You have got one at the top
too, one in the upper chest, now you have one
further down. So there is a puncture wound from a
bone breaking from a bullet hitting it, and you have
got one that's just a gunshot wound that is actually
hitting the lung.
So there is going to be a little bit
of blood coming out of that wound as well. So these
two gunshot wounds technically of the chest, that
400 millimeters of blood is going to be associated
with both of those wounds. And so it is important
to know that those can be ruled the same, they are
both causing injuries to the body that if not
corrected, it could end someone's life, but in this
situation there is another wound to the head that
I'm going to talk about. I just want to make sure
that you understand the separation of the two.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So, Dr. this
wound then, without medical care could be fatal, but

not immediately so?
A Exactly.
Q And again, with this type of wound, a
person sustaining that would they be able to stand
and be mobile for a while?
A Yes.
Q Okay.
There is nothing
else sequencing of these events, correct?
A For this wound here, no.
Fatally, you know what the
final one was, you don't really know --
A Right.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So far, just to be
clear, and we don't, you can't say so far the
sequence of these wounds?
A Not right now, no.
Q Which one happened first, but none of
these wounds would immediately incapacitate someone?
A Correct.
Q Okay.
A So this is the same wound that we are
looking at. The only thing different is the
introduction of the ruler. I'm sorry, I didn't say
a number. This is 90, I'm sorry.

91. So the head of Mr. Michael
Brown, we are looking at the right side of the face.
And the wound that I'm going to be getting to next
is going to be Number 3. It is going to be right
here, it is going to be an exit wound of the right
jaw.
This is just showing from the top
down, just showing some more wounds of the face.
This is 93. So this is his neck,
this is the top part of his head here and you have
this exit wound here of his right jaw. So let's
walk through this one.
So this one is located about
5.5 centimeters below the level of the right ear
hole and then it is to the right of the anterior of
midline of the head, which is like that. So it is
to the right. The hole measures 15 millimeters by 9
millimeters.
Now looking at the contours of it,
the contours meaning the edges, I do that on every
wound that I see, the gunshot wounds. If you look
at this one, you kind of see this little edge is
kind of flapping over a little bit. You don't see
those good little peak margins that are around it,
it is a little more irregular, it is not as smooth.

And you kind of actually see a little bit of tissue
kind of streaming out there and a little bit
flopping out of the wound to the outside.
So when I look at all of the
constellation of all of these things, this is
letting me know this is consistent with an exit
wound.
I don't see any stippling, I don't
see any soot, shouldn't see that in an exit wound,
but the thing is it is a little more irregular,
don't see a good abrasion ring, don't see a good
contusion, don't see any bruising, don't see
anything that I typically see in a situation of an
entrance wound, so I know that's an exit wound.
This is going to be in relationship
to another wound that I will get to eventually.
So this is 94. And the only thing
different about this is the introduction of the
ruler.
Q This is 95?
A This is 95. This is the right side of
Mr. Michael Brown's face. I am wanting you to focus
on this wound right here, which is a gunshot
entrance wound. This stuff here, these are
abrasions. I'll just describe them.

So up here on the right forehead,
this kind of irregular area right here. This is an
abrasion, as I said before, an abrasion is just
where that superficial layer of the skin rubbed off
and exposes that underlying soft tissue. That
particular abrasion right there measures about
7 centimeters at its greatest dimension, kind of the
longest point.
Then there is one over here on the
lateral part of his face, it is kind of dried,
meaning when I say dried, see how it is kind of
discolored, this is more pink, this is dried.
That's an abrasion right there on the right side of
the face.
And then let's see. And then over
here, you will see it later, out there on the lip he
has got some abrasions here on the inside of this
lip.
But back to the gunshot wound which
is going to be the main thing I'm going to talk
about next and that's going to be number two on your
autopsy report.
This is 96. Only thing different
about this photo than the last one is just the
introduction of the scale with the ruler.

This is 97. So this is this gunshot
entrance wound of the central forehead. So it is
located 7 centimeters above the right ear hole and 2
centimeters to the right of the anterior midline of
the head. So the imaginary midline of the head is
here, it is 2 centimeters off to the side. So that
just kind of locates the wound.
The whole measures 15 millimeters by
10 millimeters. The wound itself is somewhat oval,
I can see better on the photo here, but right there,
there is kind of an abrasion ring out here on the
outside.
What that is kind of helpful with is,
it is kind of letting me know that it is going
downward because when this, when this bullet came
in, the abrasion ring is more irregular to this
side, it is bigger on this side than it is there.
So when it is rubbing in, I know that it is coming
in a downward fashion. One, just because of the
abrasion ring and two, because of where it
ultimately went on his face.
So it is coming here, think of the
anatomical. It is here and when it is coming down
passing there and it is going to come out of the
face. So that you've got two reasons for how you

know it is down. The abrasion collar and also just
the starting here and ending up there. It is coming
from the top to here.
Q And, Dr. did you determine that
path not only, I mean, possibly via x-rays, but did
you probe that wound as well?
A Yes, I probe all of my wounds to make sure
that the entrances and the exits do coordinate.
Does your
assumption in talking about how body parts move
that, or like when his head was down, and the
officer was standing above him.
A That's a possible scenario.
Thank you.
A So we got that. So now we dealt with the
abrasion collar, we know there is an entrance wound.
So now you want to look at your x-rays to see if you
see any type of bullets associated with this. There
are little tiny fragments, but no large intact
bullets, I can't recover those. Those are not good
for ballistics, you need kind of an intact chunk to
be good for ballistics.
All right. So in terms of soot or
any type of stippling, there is nothing around it,
only thing that is nearby are these abrasions.

So in terms of trajectory, how far
away, I can't determine this, this is an another
indeterminate wound that is going to be greater than
3 feet away.
In terms of the actual trajectory
itself, it is downward, slightly backward and going
to the right. It is going down, going back, meaning
this is the front part of the head, it is coming
back over here, so it is backward down and going to
the right because this is the center, this is right
side and it is going that way.
All right. Now in terms of the
actual tissue planes that it passes through, it is
going from the skin, it's going through the soft
tissue and the things that is interesting about this
one is, so when it is passing through, there is
like, there is defect here, call it a laceration,
call it a defect.
In my particular situation, I called
it gunshot related defect because as this bullet
passed through, there is enough meat and skin here
on the front of Mr. Michael Brown's forehead that
this bullet is tunneling underneath that skin. When
it got right here where the eyebrow was resting over
that ridge of bone that we all kind of have right

there, it disrupted that tissue, continued to travel
underneath and then went by his eye here. There is
another defect, it passed through the actual globe
of the eye.
Then you have a bone here, right
underneath your eye, it went through that bone,
passes through there, you have a bunch of soft
tissue here in your jaw and cheek, it passes through
there and then eventually comes out of the jaw right
here on the side. So that's the particular path of
this particular shot.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Now, does this
projectile travel through any portion of the brain?
A No, it does not.
Q And now I know you said it went through
some bone that was below the eye, does it fracture
the bone at the entrance site?
A No, it does not.
Q So it goes into the skin and the soft
tissue and then almost travels along the bone, along
the, just underneath the skin?
A Correct.
Q Going through the globe of the eye?
A Correct.
Q And then breaking a bone?

A Correct.
Q Now, would this type of wound immediately
render someone disabled?
A No.
Q If someone sustained this type of wound,
could they continue to stand up for a while?
A Yes, they could.
Q Could they continue to be mobile?
A Yes, they could.
Q And, obviously, I'm sorry, Sheila, with
the eye being pierced in this case, they would lose
this vision from their right eye, correct?
A Correct, the eye is no longer going to
function, it is totally disruptive.
MS. WHIRLEY: Shirley Whirley. Would the
combination, you said you can't talk about the
sequence of the shots which occurred first, but the
combination of the shots that we've seen before the
fatal shot, it still would not render this person
disabled.
A Correct.
You talked about
the abrasions, anything that you conclude from the
abrasions, how they occurred?
A Well, an abrasion, all that is to me is

that particular part of your body came in contact
with another force. So to get an abrasion, I fell
right now, I hit my head right there, I could scrape
off skin. I fell down on the ground and collapsed
on the ground that could cause those abrasions.
From the way he's positioned where
he's found after he's rendered disabled, his face is
in contact with the ground and that's consistent
with that position.
There need to be forward
motion on that face to scrape it like that.
A You would need some sliding.
Some sliding
A For it to rub off. You need a frictional
force. You can't just plop straight down, plop
straight down and cause more bleeding, you get more
contusions from things just stopping and don't
slide. When things slide with friction, that's when
it gets rubbed off, and that's when you get your
frictions.
I don't
recall, or not speaking about the abrasions, did you
find any evidence of any type of burn to the skin or
anything, any type of injury like that because we
all know, I mean, this happened at 12:00, and the

young man laid there on the ground in one of the
hottest days of the year. Any type of wounds such
as that, any evidence of anything of that nature?
A There's really no burning per se, but
there is one wound on the cheek that had a dry
appearance, that's about the only thing that, you
know, contact could be a drying affect or something
where the pavement is warmer, who knows, but that
feature is there. There is no burning of anything.
Okay, thank you.
Are the
abrasions severe enough that you think the victim
would have been in motion at the time of the fatal
shot or could have been standing at the time of the
fatal shot, absorbs that amount of friction just by
simply falling from a standing position?
A Eventually falling and hitting the ground,
and the ground and his face, that's how that
happened in my opinion.
I think we've got those taken care
of.
This is 98. And the only thing
different about this is the introduction of the
ruler.
We're at Image 99. So we're looking

at the top of Mr. Michael Brown's head. This is the
top portion of his scalp. So what is happening here
when he originally came in, I documented the body
how it is, I shaved the hair off of his head to
expose the wound, so this is what I created when he
came in. He didn't look like this was all black
hair here, you couldn't even see the wound. The
reason why I knew it was there is from my x-rays, as
well from palpating the head, I could feel a wound
and I saw blood coming from there, that's why I knew
there was something there.
Once I identify a wound like that on
the head, it is standard protocol and procedure for
me to remove the scalp, not the scalp, the hair in
order to one, be able to assess the collar, the
abrasion collar, to help with distance and to also
look for any type of stippling or soot.
Kind of, you know, in a classical
sense, typically the hair can block these things
from being deposited on the skin, but proper
protocol to be able to wipe away that hair to see if
you can see anything that may have penetrated the
hair and got to the skin to be able to help with the
range.
So that's the reason why you have to

remove the hair to be able to assess wounds to help
you with distance and to also be able to
characterize the nature of the wound.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) You know that brings up
a question regarding the deposit of the soot or
stippling. If the projectile enters through a piece
of clothing, could that also affect whether or not
soot or stippling is deposited on the skin?
A That is correct.
Q And in this case, the clothing was removed
off of the body, correct?
A Correct.
Q And do you recall having a short sleeve
shirt on, correct?
A Correct.
Q Now, did you examine the clothing yourself
to determine if there were any holes in the
clothing?
A I do look at the clothing to look for
defects and that's what I refer to them as.
Q Did you see any defects in the shirt?
A Yes, I saw defects in the shirt.
Q Okay. And you don't document those in
your report, correct?
A No, I don't specifically say where they

are. I generalize and say there are defects present
in the shirt.
Q Okay, all right. Thank you.
A All right. So this particular one I think
is probably Number 1. We are going to be looking at
Wound Number 1 on the autopsy report. This is the
gunshot entrance wound to the vertex of the scalp.
So positioning as I always do, it is
20 centimeters above the level of the ear, we are
also going up from here. And it's, and it's near
the actual midline of the head. So if you look, it
is pretty much in the center, kind of dead on.
The hole measures 10 millimeters by
8 millimeters. It's roughly round and it has pretty
level edges.
Now, when you look at the edges as I
always do, you can kind of see this little bit of
pink tissue around there, that's that abrasion
collar that is going to let you know theoretically
this is an entrance wound.
Now I have to caveat with gunshot
entrance wounds to the head. You should never just
purely go by the classical thing that we talked
about, abrasion rings and contusions. The problem
with it is the head is a skull that's underneath and

that bone creates a different type of resistant path
for the bullet to pass through.
The best way to determine if there is
an entrance or an exit wound of the skull is on my
examination, when I reflect the scalp, which is a
normal part of the procedure and remove the skull
cap. When you look at the actual hole, and I think
there will be some pictures eventually, we'll get to
that.
When you actually look at the hole,
there is a concept called beveling. Beveling is
where you will see an outpouching of the bone. So
if the outpouching of the bone is to the inner table
of the gunshot wound, that's an entrance wound. If
the beveling or outpouching is on the outside of the
outer table of the skull, that's called external
beveling, that's an exit wound.
So when I get to it, this particular
wound had internal beveling, so that lets me know
for sure that this is an entrance wound to the head.
It is pretty much every time, I just want to make
sure you understand that.
MS. WHIRLEY: Sheila Whirley. I know you
can't tell us exactly what position would Michael
Brown have been in to have the shot to the top of

his head?
A The shot fired has to be above the head.
So in theory, if I'm sitting here and somebody's up
there and shoots down, you have to be above, the
shot has to be fired above his head in order for
that to happen.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Kathi Alizadeh. When
you say above, you're talking the anatomical
diagram?
A Right.
Q I'm just theorizing here, just theorizing.
So if someone in this position, in other words, is
bent over at the waist and the top of my head is
facing the wall, that could account for a bullet
that would enter the top of the head, correct?
A That is correct.
Q In this case you have no way of knowing
where, what position his body was in when he
sustained that gunshot wound?
A No, I do not know specifically, correct.
MS. WHIRLEY: But it would be
"inconceivable for him to be standing at 6'4"","
straight up and have that shot to the top of his
head from someone not as tall as him, taller than
him?

A Correct.
MS. WHIRLEY: Okay.
A So as we always do, we want to see if
there is any stippling or soot. That's not soot,
that's just his hair. That wasn't scraped all the
way off with a scapple. There is no soot, there is
no stippling. So in terms of range, that is a wound
that is greater than 3 feet away again.
An x-ray, full body x-ray on this
particular situation, there is a bullet associated
with this wound that I ultimately recovered within
the soft tissue on the right side of his face that's
associated with this wound, there is a projectile.
All right. There is internal
beveling of this bone of the skull, which I was
telling you about before, that lets me know that
this is an entrance wound.
The path or trajectory on this one
based on the anatomical position is going downward,
it is going from the top of the head towards the
feet and it is going right. Meaning that when it
passes through the head and goes through the brain,
you got your outer part of your skull here, it is
going that way and burying itself. You can see it
is down and to the right. So that is how you know

that part.
In terms of the actual tissue that it
is passing through, going through the scalp, the
skin surface of the head, soft tissue, the parietal
bone of your skull, that's the particular location
of the skull cap specific for me, but just layman's
term, just your skull.
Once it went through the skull, it
hit the brain and your brain is separated in
hemispheres. So you have a parietal bone, you have
a parietal lobe. So it went through the parietal
lobe of the brain, then it went through the temporal
lobe of the brain. This is all on the right side.
Then it passed through the right
temporal bone of the skull, which is out here and
punched through there and buried itself right here
in the skin, the soft tissue beneath the skin on the
right side of his head. So that's the path of the
bullet.
So when it goes through there, it is
going to create injuries to the brain. There are
small little tears or contusions that are happening
to the brain as this bullet is punching its way
through the white matter of the brain. You have
gray matter on the outside and white matter on the

inside.
The white matter is responsible for
your, the nervous impulses that are going to go
through your brain. So those tracks, there is
little small contusions there, that's just from the
pathway of the bullet going through the brain.
There is also hemorrhage associated
with the wound. You have multiple spaces in your
brain. You have an epidural space, which is, you
know, you have your skull, beneath your skull
there's a space and then you have your dura. Your
dura is kind of like, for lack better of a better
word, the skin of the brain. In between that
imaginary space is called the dural space, there's a
space there.
You can get the dural, then you start
getting to another space and then you get to the
brain. So beneath that dural space is the subdural
space.
There is blood there and there is
actual blood on the surface of the brain, which is
the subarachnoid space. There is two areas where
there is blood, you have defects of where the bullet
is entering and then kind of exiting out on the
brain and staying in the soft tissue.

So those are the main injuries that
you have associated with this wound that's passing
through the skull and burying itself right there in
the soft tissue.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Now, Dr. if
someone who sustained that type of injury to his
brain, would that immediately incapacitate him?
A Yes, it would.
Q So this person would not be able to stand
or walk or be mobile in any way?
A No, they would not.
Q Would they be conscious?
A No, they would not.
Q And is this a fatal injury?
A Yes, it is.
Q And is there any amount of medical
intervention that would, could possibly save the
life of someone sustaining that injury?
A Highly unlikely.
Q All right.
MS. ALIZADEH: Does anybody have any
questions about this injury?
You said
that you had to remove the hair from that area. Is
it possible to get any kind of soot or anything, any

kind of sampling of that or was anything sent in to
be examined or is it even possible to get any type
of evidence out of that?
A It is always possible, but nothing was
sent off with regard to the hair.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So the hair that you
shaved off the scalp was not collected and kept?
A No.
Q Or tested in any way?
A No, it was not.
Q Okay.
Any other questions about this wound?
A 101. Same wound, but just the
introduction of the ruler.
Q And just so I'm clear on this, the bullet
that we're talking about is Wound Number 1 in your
report, entered the brain, traveled through the
brain and then you said was in the temporal region
just beneath the skin or the soft tissue?
A It is a little bit, it is coming right
through the bone of the skull, it is sitting in the
soft tissue right there.
Q In photographs, is there an injury to the
side of his face where that bullet rest beneath the
surface?

A It did not make an injury on the outside
of the face that would correlate to the inner
injury.
Q Just for the sake of these, all of these
injuries that you talked about, there was a
projectile that was found in his brain, correct?
A Well, it is more the soft tissue.
Q You're right. Wound Number 1, you
recovered that projectile?
A Correct.
Q Did you give that to the police officer?
A Yes, I did.
Q He packaged that?
A Yes, he did.
Q And then you also indicated you retrieved
a projectile in his chest cavity?
A Correct.
Q Was that given to the police officer?
A Yes, it was.
Q Was that packaged?
A That was packaged.
Q Any other projectile or foreign object
that you retrieved from his body?
A There was another. So the one projectile
back out here and one further down here, so there

were three projectiles that I recovered.
Q Okay. And then regarding any other
samples that you took, you've already testified that
you took a sample from that thumb area?
A Histology.
Q And did you take a blood sample from him?
A Like for a blood stain card for DNA?
Q For DNA, but also for toxicology?
A Yes.
Q So those are separate samples?
A Yes.
Q There is a stain card that is made for
DNA?
A Yes.
Q And then there is a sample of blood put in
a tube or something?
A Yeah, there is two types of tubes. We
have a red top tube, which is just basically a tube
with no preservatives in it, just going to be pure
blood and then we do a gray top tube has a
preservative, like sodium chloride. It is important
for dealing with testing for like cocaine, things of
that nature.
Cocaine is kind of volatile and kind
of breaks down if you don't put the fluoride in

there to stop the activity of the enzymes in the
blood. That is what the gray top tube is for.
So we do a red top and gray top for
toxicology, and the specific blood that I used was
chest cavity fluid that was sitting from that
gunshot wound. There is a lot of blood there. I
used that for my toxicology because the other
locations to try to get blood was very difficult.
He had lost blood, it is difficult to get sometimes,
so you get it where you can get it from. The
biggest reservoir of blood was the chest cavity.
Q And did you also take a sample of the
vitreous fluid from his eye?
A Yes.
Q He was missing his right eye, correct?
A That's correct, it came from the left.
Q You do that by a syringe, drawing off some
fluid?
A Correct.
Q And that's preserved for toxicology?
A Correct.
Q And then you also said earlier you had
mentioned urine. Did you take a sample of urine
from him?
A Yes, I did.

Q Is that also with the syringe?
A That is with a syringe.
Q Is that taken from his bladder?
A Yes, it is.
Q And so the cavity blood, the urine and the
vitreous fluid, you know those samples were
subsequently sent to a toxicology lab?
A Correct.
Q And is that lab also a part of the Medical
Examiner's Office?
A Physically it is located in the same
building.
Q But that's run by St. Louis University,
correct?
A Correct.
Q And other than sending those things off,
you don't have any role in testing those?
A No, I do not.
Q Okay. I want to try to go through these
quicker so that, I don't want to, again, I don't
want anybody to not ask questions they want to ask.
We've talked about the major wounds that he's
documented in his report. He has some additional
photographs of some of those tangential wounds and
also there is some autopsy photos where there is

cutting done. All of these photographs are going to
be available for you.
If you want, we can have him go
through them one by one. I prefer him to testify
about what he saw when he opened up the body and so
forth. I will tell you they are graphic and that is
going to be up to you guys, okay?
And so also let's go through the rest
of these injuries that are photographed and then
when we get to the cutting part, I'll ask you guys
if you want to start going through those
photographs. If you want to look at them on your
own at a later time.
I
have one question for you. I need to understand,
all of the injuries with the exception of number
one, accumulatively he could have still survived and
been mobile?
A He could have been mobile, I wouldn't
necessarily say survive. Those chest wound
injuries, those would have eventually become fatal
if not addressed.
He would have been
mobile, but this one absolutely?
A Absolutely.

Those
thorax wounds if treated, he could survive that?
A Unlikely, the chest wound. The problem
with chest wounds, this is going to be the
physiological problem with it. You need your lungs
to breathe. When those bullets went into his lung,
it punctured it, it squeezed it down, so now he is
only working on one lung. At the same time what
happens is there is vessels in there that he
injured.
So as that chest cavity fills up with
blood, it is going to get to the point where it
fills up with so much that it shifts all of those
organs on the inside of your body to the other side.
And the problem with organ shifting is you have a
major organ in the middle of your chest, which is
your heart.
So think of it kind of like a garden
hose. You put too much pressure on one end of it,
it stops the flow of the water. So the stop of the
flow of the water, in this situation is the blood.
When that thing starts filling up and pushing over
to the side, those vessels get squished, squished
and eventually get squeezed off to where now the
blood can no longer get returned to the heart to get

pump to other areas. And then that's the main
problem is your head is not getting blood, now you
are going to become unconscious. You are going to
have two problems, you're not getting blood, your
blood carries your oxygen. So you are not getting
any oxygen to the brain, you are physically not
getting blood to the brain, you are also losing
blood out of your body, inside of your body. So you
kind of got a lot of problems there.
But he could not
immediately, the hemothorax could be reversed?
A If you had some medical intervention.
That's what I mean.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Would you say,
Dr. that medical attention would have to
be immediate?
A I agree.
Q Like if he were shot in the hospital, then
possibly if there was a doctor at his elbow,
possibly he could have medically then have survived
those injuries?
A Correct.
Q Without immediate medical attention, he
eventually would have died, alone of the internal
thoracic injuries?

A Correct.
Q And just to clarify because you talked
about bullets passing through his lung. And I
thought maybe I misunderstood. I thought one of the
injuries to the lung was caused by the rib that
punctured the lung?
A Correct.
Q Was there more than one bullet know
through the lung?
A One bullet went through the lung, the
other bullet struck the rib, the eighth rib, which
is nearby, so your right lung is in three pieces.
It has got an upper lobe, it's got a middle lobe and
it's got a lower lobe. So the first, that bullet
that's up here by the clavicle by the collar bone,
that hit the upper part of the lung.
So when that other bullet passes
through and hits the eighth rib, it snapped it, it
fracture it. So say this is a rib cage, your lung
is sitting there, when it broke it, it snapped it to
the inside and when it broke, the bone punctured
that lower portion of the rib causing additional
injuries to the lung. So the bullet itself didn't
do it, but the bullet hit the bone and snapped and
did puncture the wound.

Q Okay.
MS. WHIRLEY: Sheila Whirley. Can you
tell, is there any way to know how quickly he would
have been incapacitated due to all of these injuries
prior to the fatal shot?
A That's going to be difficult, difficult to
determine. It is just pure speculation.
MS. WHIRLEY: Okay.
I just
need some clarification. The wound to the head, did
you say that was a far distance?
A That one is an indeterminate, so it is
greater than 3 feet.
It is greater than 3 feet?
A Correct.
MS. ALIZADEH: Any other questions about
those wounds so far?
The
wounds to the top of the head, could he have been
already falling forward?
A It is possible.
So let's say like the
first wound he received, I know you said --
A What is the first one we are talking
about?

Let's just say to the
chest.
A All right.
Could that wound have
like, I know you said that he could of still been
mobile, could he have not been mobile as well?
Could you just like get shot?
A You can stop walking, that wound is not
going to prevent you from using your legs. You've
consciously chose to stop moving, you still would
have the ability to move with sustaining a shot like
that. It is not going to render you unconscious,
that's the point I'm trying to make. The wound to
the head, he's going to be unconscious, he can't
move if he wants to.
But you get hit here in the chest,
you are going to have some time to be able to move
around and it is depending on a variety of factors.
How quickly you use blood. The main thing that will
make you collapse is, once you block off that blood
return, you've got maybe like 10 to 15 seconds of
reserve of oxygen going to your brain before you
pass out.
So when you reach that critical
level, each person is going to have a different

critical level with body masses, being different
sizes, people have different kind of levels of blood
reserve, different levels of volume.
So someone smaller or bigger maybe
last a little bit longer. Also the activity that
you are doing before is also going to impact. Say,
for instance, if you have been running and your
heart was going really, really fast, you're going to
pump blood out quicker as oppose to someone really
calm, just kind of sitting there, you are not going
to bleed as fast. So all of these factors play a
role in determining how quickly you are going to be
responsive or immobile.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Okay. Let's go ahead
and somewhat quickly if you can run through those
other photos. If you go ahead and identify them and
put them on what it says, what it shows abrasion?
A This is 102, I believe. So this is his
left arm, this is just showing a linear abrasion on
the left arm.
Q You characterize that before as being like
a grazing wound?
A I wouldn't say it is in that category.
This one is some type of blunt force injury caused
that. I wouldn't say it is necessarily a

projectile. The characteristic of it is different.
You could have rubbed on something, it is hard to
say. It is nonspecific, but it is not a classical
graze wound like you saw on the bicep on the right
arm or that graze wound.
This is different. This is just an
abrasion. It is not specific and I can't say what
it is from.
My thought was
whether with glasses on, if you were able to tell if
it was a clean cut?
A That's something you can argue about, but
the fact that it is so dry and, you know, it is kind
of firm, it is kind of difficult to say is it a cut
or incise wound. I can definitely say that is a
superficial layer of skin has been rubbed off, but
it is difficult to say was it a sharp or was it, you
know, rubbing on some keys or who knows, a door, I
don't know. It is kind of in between and it is
difficult to specifically say what caused that. But
there is definitely an injury there, the top part of
the skin is gone.
Thank you.
A 104. This is just a close-up, same thing
with the showing of that.

Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Just out of curiosity
lower in the photograph, is this also an abrasion?
A Yes. This is just showing that right palm
again, showing that graze wound of the hand.
106. Showing close-up of the graze
wound of the hand.
107. Same thing, graze wound of the
right hand with the ruler.
On 108. There is a very, I'm going
to get a little bit closer, but it is a little bit
of an abrasion here on his right here which is right
there.
109. This is close-up of that little
tie any abrasion on his right hip right there.
This should be 110. This is just the
same thing, but with ruler inserted for scale.
Q For those, the abrasion to his right hip
again, you can't say what caused that?
A No, I cannot.
Q Can you even say if that happened during
the same time he sustained the other injury?
A No, I cannot.
Q Okay.
A 111. There is an abrasion here to this
upper right chest, that's what I'm focusing on here.

112. This is the abrasion here in
the upper right chest right there and that bullet
hole from the upper right chest from earlier.
113. Same picture up, but insertion
of the ruler for scale of that abrasion on the upper
right chest.
This is 114. This is where I'm
trying to focus in on his lip. I told you he had
some abrasions on the inner portion of his lip.
Q Can you tell what caused the abrasions on
the inner portions of his lips?
A Not specifically.
Q Would it be consistent with some, with an
impact like involving his teeth or dental work?
A That's possible.
That's a close-up here showing these
defects or abrasions or shallow lacerations,
whatever you want to call it, here on the left.
Q Let me just ask the possibilities here.
Those injuries to the insides, they are injuries on
the inside of his mount?
A Correct.
Q Correct?
A Correct.
Q Could it be caused by getting punched in

the mouth?
A Possible.
Q Could it be caused by someone falling on
their face on pavement?
A It is possible.
Q You have no way of knowing how that
happened?
A I do not.
116. Showing the same thing, but
with the ruler for scale. I'm getting to the point.
Q Let me ask you some other things here.
Regarding his face, was there any injury to his
teeth, any chipped or broken teeth or anything?
A No.
Q Did you notice on his face, other than the
injuries to the wound that you've described, were
there any contusions?
A No contusions.
Q Contusions, again, is like a bruise. Note
any swelling to the face, other than what was
associated with the wound you talked about?
A Correct.
Q And then I'm going to ask you specifically
about his neck. I am going to show you Image 111,
which we already talked about. So this is an image

of, he's on his back on the table, correct?
A Correct.
Q And
A His head is here, his feet is here.
Q His head is the lower right -- left-hand
portion. This defect right here, that's an exit
wound in the jaw, correct?
A Correct.
Q And these are the chest wounds you've
talked about?
A That's one of the abrasions next to it.
Q So his chin is up a bit; is that right?
A Correct.
Q You can fully see his neck in that
picture?
A Correct.
Q Did you notice anything when you examined
his body, was there any bruising of his neck?
A No.
Q Any abrasions on his neck?
A No.
Q Have you ever seen an injury, and injury
to a person who has been choked?
A Yes.
Q Okay. Can you describe someone who has

been choked?
A Well, I would like to clarify for me.
Strangulation is a better term, choking is
different.
Q Choking is like I got something, I
swallowed something wrong or whatever?
A Right, right.
Q So you are right, so you've seen someone
who has been strangled?
A Correct.
Q What kind of injury would you see on
someone who has been strangled?
A Externally you may see abrasions from, you
know, people have nails or whatnot and the rough
nature of the event, you can create abrasions on the
outside of the neck. You don't always see them, but
you can.
Then once you open the neck, when I
do a dissection of the neck, you have multiple
layers of soft tissue as well as muscle.
If enough force is applied there, you
can see hemorrhaging within the soft tissues of the
neck and then also you have a bunch of structure
within your neck called the hyoid bone can be
fracture or injured. And in a strangulation, those

are some of the things I look for in the neck and
situations where someone has been strangled or has
an injury to the neck.
Q In this case you found no injuries to his
neck, correct?
A Correct, correct.
Q And I know when we are talking, when I say
strangulation, I think of that as being like someone
who is a cause of death, they are dead from
strangulation, but people can be strangled, but then
survive, correct?
A Correct.
Q And in some occasions, will you notice
bruising to the neck?
A Correct.
Q And then, obviously, you're not going to
cut a living person open to look at the tissue
inside?
A Right.
Q But someone who has been grasped very
tightly around the neck, you might see bruising?
A Correct.
Q Okay. One more thing about, and at some
point, the police department, the police officers,
they fingerprint the deceased; is that correct?

A Correct.
Q And that's just standard protocol,
correct?
A Correct.
Q Now, do you ever observe in your
autopsies, do the police ever dust the body for
prints?
A I haven't specifically seen that unless
there is a question or certain circumstance for it
to happen. It is not part of routine procedure, I
guess that's what I'm trying to say.
Q I guess you've never seen someone, a
police officer try to lift a latent fingerprint off
of the skin of a deceased person?
A I have not, no.
Q Have you ever heard of that being done?
A Not specifically, no.
(Deposition Exhibit Number 8
marked for identification.)
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Okay. So another thing
so we can possibly, I don't want to shortcut
anything. I'm going to hand you Grand Jury Exit
Number 8.
For the record, this is a CD. Did
you bring that to me at my requests?

A Yes, I did.
Q Okay. And that CD contains a number of
photographs and some x-rays; is that correct?
A That is correct.
Q Have you looked at the photographs and
x-rays that are on that disc?
A Yes, I have.
Q Now, the photographs that are on those
discs, on that discs, were taken by who?
A Urn, by the autopsy morgue assistant
Q So those are not police photographs?
A No, they are not.
Q And so those photographs are taken for a
different purpose?
A It is more for just kind of documentation
of the body, just getting a general overall of what
we are seeing for lack of a better word.
Q And some of those photographs that are on
that disc are after the autopsy is completed and
body has been closed up.
In this case you removed the top of
his head and eventually that's been closed up,
correct?
A Correct.

Q And have you seen those photographs on
there?
A Yes, I have seen the photos.
Q And then the x-rays that are contained on
those discs, are those the x-rays that you took and
examined in relation to the injuries that you've
testified to as far as when you can see a projectile
and so forth?
A Correct.
MS. ALIZADEH: Is there anyone here who
wants me to put on, to go through these xx rays with
you? Anybody have any questions about that? We can
put them in the player right now and bring up, how
many x-rays are there?
A I don't know, 42.
MS. ALIZADEH: The disc says how many
photographs and how many x-rays.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) How many photographs?
A Photographs 39.
MS. ALIZADEH: Is there anyone who has a
desire, if we can't do it today, we'll bring him
back after his vacation and go through these. Is
there anyone who wants to see these x-rays now, or
have any questions about a particular injury or
bullet that he might be able to see in an x-ray?

Okay.
MS. WHIRLEY: Just for the record, it is
about 5:00.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) I'm trying to finish up.
I know Dr. is on vacation for a couple of
weeks. I want to get as much as we can. If we have
to bring you back, we'll worry about that later.
And then, so now the rest of his
testimony about his autopsy is going to be about him
cutting into the body and examining each organ.
Let me ask you, Dr. did you
find anything other than the injuries that you
talked about to the lung and to the tissue and to
the brain, was there anything remarkable about any
of his organs?
A No.
Q There wasn't any heart disease?
A No.
Q No ulcers of the stomach or anything like
that?
A No.
Q And you are cutting and retrieval of the
projectiles that's all documented in these
photographs; is that correct?
A Correct.

MS. ALIZADEH: Is there anyone here who
wants right now to go through those photographs, or
have any particular question about them?
All right. They are going to be here,
they are part of the exhibit and they are something
that you can examine at a later time. And if at
all, there is a question later on down the road,
specifically about something, that I didn't have him
actually testify about, we will bring him back and
have him testify again. Yes.
The
photographs that we are talking about, they are from
the same string timeframe and same situation that
we've seen up to this point, correct?
MS. ALIZADEH: Yes, they are also
photographs that are taken by a police officer
during the autopsy and so, for example,
Dr. when you are retrieving a projectile,
you have to cut into the body. In this case you
did, and that is actually photographed that you have
cut into the body and in some of these photographs
you can see the projectile laying in the tissue of
the body.
A Correct.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And then in some of

these photographs the projectile is removed from the
body and sitting on a paper towel, photographed
after it is removed?
A Correct.
Q But these are all photographs that are
taken that day during your autopsy?
A Yes.
Q And in conclusion for today, were you able
to determine within a reasonable degree of medical
certainty the cause of death of Michael Brown?
A Yes, gunshot wound to the head and chest.
Q Were you able to determine within a
reasonable degree of medical certainty the manner of
death of Michael Brown?
A The manner of death is homicide.
Q So that would be homicide as opposed to a
suicide or accidental or anything like that?
A Correct.
Q Homicide just means at the hands of
another, it doesn't indicate there is any kind of
criminal liability, that is a term that's used in
forensic pathology, correct?
A Correct.
MS. ALIZADEH: Anybody have any other
questions about the autopsy or what he did in the

autopsy?
Let me look at my notes real quick.
Can you
tell me how many exit wounds there were?
A I'd say three.
How many entrance wounds?
A I don't include the graze wound as one of
these things that is in between say 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6.
And two graze wounds?
A That's 8.
Thank you.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And those again, those
wounds, each of them is documented in your
post-mortem examination report that I provided
copies to the jurors and also is there any way that,
do you have any opinion as to the order in which
these gunshots were, these wounds were sustained on
Michael Brown's body?
A From what I do, the investigation is
ongoing. There is things I'm privilege to. There
is things I do know and things that can be shared
with you later as the process goes on.
In my opinion in terms of what I can
say the wound to the hand has to occur at a time

when Michael Brown is close enough to the officer
for that to have happened. So depending on the
circumstances that you guys hear from what I know,
there is a point in time where they are in close
approximation to each other at the vehicle.
In my opinion I feel that's the
closest they are for it to happen from the
circumstances that I know that that injury occurred.
So that has to be early on in the event. In terms
of the end of the event, the wound to the top of the
head is going to be the last wound that he is going
to receive.
So in terms of the beginning part
with the thumb wound and the part at the end, those
two I can feel good about saying that I know when
those happened, but the ones in between, it is to
difficult to say.
Q And given the entrance and exits of the
wounds that you've described, and I know that we've
said there is no entrance wounds on his back?
A Correct.
Q Or on his buttocks?
A Correct.
Q Or on the back of the his legs?
A Correct.

Q No bullet wounds on his legs at all?
A Correct.
Q And then there is some wounds to the
anterior portion of his torso?
A Correct.
Q And then the wounds to his arms are kind
of like all over the joint, right?
A Right.
Q Any way of telling what position that body
was in when those wounds were sustained?
A No.
Q Given that they're arms, it just depends
on where his arms were?
A Correct.
Q And in relation to where the gun was?
A Correct. But I can say to sustain wounds
to the chest, the chest is fixed, those with the
arms it can be in a number of positions.
MS. ALIZADEH: I don't have any other
questions. Does anybody else have anything they
want to cover today?
Just one. He did have an
entrance wound to the back of his --
A Anatomical correction, the anatomical
position, the dorsal on the back side, posterior

portion of that right forearm there is a wound
there.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) So if someone in this
position and it is a gunshot wound, the gun could
have been fired from behind them?
A Correct.
Q Someone in this position, the gunshot come
from the front of them, correct?
A Correct.
Q Or in this position, or in this position?
A Correct.
Q It is difficult to say, correct, or
impossible to say?
A Correct.
The reason
that you are saying most likely the last is because
the wounds to the chest and the wounds to the arm he
would of had to be somewhat upright to have those
somewhat?
A What's more of an issue he could still be
mobile, he could be moving around, once he got this,
he's going to be unconscious.
He's going to be down and
there is no way to get to his chest if he were down.
A Right, that is true.

MS. ALIZADEH: Anybody else?
The
police officer that was there present with you as
you were doing your examine.
A There were three there.
There were three there?
A Which one?
The one who takes the
photos.
A There were two kind of crime scene
officers and then there was a detective.
Okay.
A But one guy was taking pictures.
As you are doing your
exam, like you said before, you are speaking, right,
you are talking while you are doing your examine?
A What do you mean?
Are you speaking while you
are --
Transcribing.
A I do it after I finish the autopsy.
Oh, okay. So there is no
talking, you are just taking pictures?
A It is just pictures, I'm directing them
saying what I want them to take pictures of.

Oh, okay.
A As I am going through the autopsy, I want
pictures of this, I need a picture of this, this is
important I think, I need that, that's the extent of
the talking. I'm not, the generation of this
report, this is happening once I complete
everything, I go back to my office with all of my
notes and then I do this on my Dictaphone after
everything is done.
They were there also, they
were present also when the x-rays were going on?
A X-rays, no, they came, once you saw that
picture when he's out of the bag, he has his clothes
on and the placard, that's when they were showing up
and that's when it started. The x-rays are done
before, the process of the body being processed for
me to do my examination, that's happening.
Okay.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) And, in fact, some of
the x-rays, the x-rays are done with his clothing
on, correct?
A Correct.
Q And like in some x-rays you can see the
belt buckle on his pants and so forth?
A Correct.

Q The zipper of his pants, I can't remember?
A The clothes are on.
Q X-rays are done before the clothes are
removed and you begin the examination, correct?
A Correct.
I think this
might be the last question. So in essence, while
you are doing your examine and you have the
onlookers or the people that watch, they take the
photographs, no one actually knows what you are
going to put into your report until your report is
done, is that correct?
A Right.
Thank you.
Q (By Ms. Alizadeh) Just then for the
record, I know this, your report was done in, I
would say in my experience with the Medical
Examiner's Office, in a little speeder fashion,
sometimes it takes six weeks for me to get your
A And even longer.
Q And in this case there was, there was a
directive that this was going to be a priority?
A Right.
Q This was to be done?
A Correct.

Q Did you feel that you didn't have
sufficient time to complete your report at all?
A No, I felt in terms of the adequacy of my
report, I was done with it, the only thing that I
wasn't finished with when I was told that I needed
to finish the report was the histological section of
tissue, that takes awhile for that to be processed.
It can take four weeks sometimes, but I had to speed
that along too.
So I had to finish the bulk of the
report, and then if you look at my last statement.
I comment at the time, the histology examination
will be issued as a supplemental report.
That portion I was not able to
include at the time of this. So this, until the
histology, which I testified to you guys about this
happened after I did this, so that's an additional
important information which helped me understand
better that gunshot wound to the hand.
At this time, I was suspicious of it
being a close range wound until histology came
through, I couldn't definitively say. So in my
report I say, hey, I see these, I see these
discolorations, I have to my histology to confirm.
So now I'm testifying I got that

back, I can now say that wound is a close range
wound so, but outside of the rest of everything
else, everything was just fine.
Q So, Dr. you had a supplement
where you talked about the examination of that
tissue?
A Yes, I issued that is supplemental report.
Q Is that completed yet?
A That is not completed.
Q Okay. When that is completed, would you
provide that to me as soon as it is done?
A Yes, I will.
Q And so I just want to make clear, this was
done in a speedy manner, was there anything about
this that you felt that if you had more time or were
given, you know, more time to write your report,
that it would be a better report or more accurate?
A No.
Q Did you just put everything else on the
back burner and you did this first, is that how that
happened?
A No, I'm kind of multitasking.
Q Okay.
A I made sure I got it done.
Q So is there a date on your report, the

date that it was completed?
A It just says a start time.
Q Do you sign it and date it?
A No, I just sign it. I do know, was that
Friday, whatever that.
Q So the shooting happened a Saturday.
A I want to say that Friday I was done with
it.
Q Okay.
A I signed it that day. And then I gave it
to the officer, Monday an officer came and picked up
my report, which would have been what, the 18th of
that month.
Q Until the officer picked up that report,
you did not discuss this with any police officers
what your findings were?
A No, no one. The only people who were
privy to what I was seeing, what I was dealing with
were the officers who were in the autopsy with me,
that's it.
Q But as far as like them knowing what the
gunshot entrance and exit is
A No.
Q -- you didn't explain any of that to them?
A No.

It
talks on the last page here about fingernail
clippers and scrapings?
A Yes.
Is that in your report or
is that done by someone else?
A That is someone else. The lab is going to
be responsible for processing that, I just procure
the items and I pass it to St. Louis County Police
Department as evidence and just take it to the lab,
which process it.
MS. ALIZADEH: Anyone else?
Sheila, do you have any questions?
MS. WHIRLEY: I think we are probably all
questioned out.
MS. ALIZADEH: It has been a long day and
thank you for being patient. I don't want anybody
to feel like I'm trying to leave something out here,
we are not rushing you in any way.
A I'm fine. If you got a question, feel
free. I'm not upset. I'm glad I had the
opportunity.
MS. ALIZADEH: All I'm saying the photos
are here and available. I just, I know from being a
layman myself, I can look at these and, you know,

but, you know, he can explain them if you want him
to. If you later look at them, but he has already
testified about what he found and where he found
them. So I didn't feel it would be a good use of
your time to go through each of the photographs
right now, but they are here for you to examine,
okay. This will conclude the testimony for today.
(End of the hearing for September 9,
2014.)
